Frilled sharks and angler fish live far beneath the surface of the ocean, which is why they are known as
Gas can fill any container it is given, and liquid
When birds migrate south for the winter, they do it because
If a person walks in the opposite direction of a compass arrow they are walking
An example of lots kinetic energy would be
Which organism cannot specialize?
A person can grow cabbage in January with the help of what product?
A frog, in winter, will burrow itself into soft mud, until it freezes, then in the spring
Which describes the size of an object?
A body may find its temperature to be lowered after
If a person enjoys long, sunny days their favorite month would be
An example of data collection is
An animal can hunt by cracking open a
Oil is a nonrenewable resource which tells us that when
Magma contains
Dew is formed when what condenses?
The Earth revolving around the sun can cause
Plants need light for
Tunnels
A fire starts in a wide, open field and catches onto a forest. The fire started even though people were far away from the woods. A potential cause for the start of it could have been
To have a positive impact of the environment
Taking shorter showers leads to
Roads present danger to animals because
plant requires what for photosynthesis
Winter solstice occurs on a day when
What boils at the boiling point?
When vapor condenses overnight it often ends up on
Which is a good source of nutrients for a mushroom?
which of these animal's habitat is peat likely to be found?
A strawberry is in zero way a true berry because it
The epidermis is part of
Alligators
What might occur during an experiment
Frogs are unable to give live birth, and their eggs are soft, unlike other eggs, in fact
A woman wants to figure out what renewable resources she can use in order to be more environmentally friendly and sufficient. She decides to use all of these resources that are renewable, with the exception of the one nonrenewable, which is
Cocoon creation occurs
Where would animals shiver the most?
In the desert it was harder to find a
Why can an Owl retain it's body temperature during the winter?
What is the source of energy for physical cycles on Earth?
Pasteurization reduces the amount of bacteria in
A person is trapped in a cabin while it storms outside. The person knows it is storming because of
Which would best store new whale offspring?
All the deer in one area moved away. This could be because
An herbivore like a giraffe will only consume
Climate change has sped up dramatically because
What is most necessary for a  bitcoin operation
If something is outside during the day what will it receive?
A turtle may lay six eggs, and a sea turtle may lay a hundred eggs, and
Squirrels store acorns
Plant growth may be positively affected by
An electric car uses less gasoline than a regular car because
Revolution happens when
An organism's requirements and its survival rate have what kind of relationship?
Pumpkin pie spice comes from
Were the situation to be that all zebra were sterile,
An example of a seasonal change that a furry animal might adopt could be similar to:
What could be used as an electrical conductor
How does ice wedging cause rocks to crack?
Fossils are formed when what happens?
When going in the basement, it's better to have a laser than a
Some areas are known for experiencing all four seasons, and winter is one of those seasons. During said season, one may partake in activities such as
What can show that loss of resources has a negative impact on the organisms in an area?
What vehicle would you use to travel on the majority of the surface of the planet on which we live?
A bear's fur and duck's feathers both help the animal survive by
When would the sun set later?
If a species population increases in the birth rate has
What's an example of the idea that if one mineral can scratch another mineral then that other mineral is softer than that one mineral?
What is a source of energy?
If a farmland up the hill gets rainfall, what could happen to lower lands?
In order for a journal to be produced, it first requires
What is an example of a raw material being something that comes directly from a source?
A source of sugar in an ecosystem is
A mark of adulthood common in most species is
Bill decided the wolf was a predator after he saw it eat the
Layers of the earth include all but
What core ingredient of red pasta sauce comes from a flower?
If something were to be melted, it would be heated above its melting point, like
carbon dioxide plays the same role in plants that oxygen plays in animals
As far as plants go, considering their growth, it is unlikely that they would do well in
What is likely to be the most direct result of offshore oil leaking?
An individual can conserve by
Which is the slowest to move through water?
Bats have many quirks, with the exception of
Organic food is currently considered best for people because
A horse eats some hay, an apple and a sugar cube, then peacefully roams a field after eating while digesting the meal. During this time
Who would be healthier?
When you get farther from water, the water vapor in the air will ______.
What is a good example of camouflage?
plants are the source of
As they are immobile, what is an example of how animal life helps the reproduction cycle of plants?
Living things can all
Stopped means lack of what?
Where did Puppigerus live?
The circulatory system brings oxygen to the body from where?
A renewable resource is used to produce
Which relationship involves inheritance?
A source of heat at the resort is the
A car engine usually uses combustion to convert this into a motion and heat.
When turned on, which product cannot convert electrical energy into light energy?
A pelican is hungry, so decides to try to catch some fish. In order to do this, the pelican will
A magnetic effect could pull two rocks together if they're
Refraction can easily be witnessed in
A man is trying to describe a single vat of juice he has. He needs the best way to tell his friend about the object, so he says
plant life is completely dependent on what?
To prevent illness
An island can sprout up from seemingly suddenly because
When water freezes, that water
Where might you find the substance used to make the shiny metallic foil paper used in cooking?
What increases the number of pollinators a flower will attract?
You can get Vitamin D from
Chloroplasts exist in plants and can be located by knowing where
Sunlight transfers heat energy to
Humans swim in the liquid form of
What can keep you moisturized other than water?
Which of these items can a human move by pedal power?
It takes the Earth one year to go around the sun. It takes the moon how long to make one revolution around our planet?
Birds with more angular beaks
What might be the natural habitat of a small creature known for making a noise by scraping limbs together?
Human planet that is orbited by what?
A change in the Earth is
Some vapor is condensing now because it has less
Herbivores contribute to the same type of plants they eat when:
What converts electrical energy into light energy in a light bulb?
A person wants to turn on their fan to cool down their room. In order to do this, they will have to
A river can disappear over a period of time?
A temperature in the negatives during the night got slightly less negative during the day, which means it got more
Corn is eaten by
What is natural gas?
Decomposition
Sunlight
Science fact: a cavern is formed by carbonic acid in groundwater seeping through rock and dissolving
Deer entered the city
the hourly totals of sunshine are directly connect to
Remora fish
A plant root growing into rock cracks is an example of what?
What does the earth orbit that causes the seasons to change?
There are metals which will always point north such as
A white environment is likely to be found
One step in creating an alternative fuel is
So many environments receive large amounts of rain, though an exception is
Taking a fingernail and pressing it to salt will show
why would a mouse run away from a cat?
A golden eagle will hunt using its talons to collect
which of these would most likely reject a really nice burger?
The Grand Canyon was formed by the Colorado river by what?
Earth rotating on its axis
The next moon phase after a solar eclipse is
If someone is dying of thirst, they can hydrate by
Magnets may be attracted to
Of the following household items, which is recyclable?
If a lot of people have forgotten about a product, the amount of money made by the person selling it will be
What can you find in a forest
Animals without teeth sometimes eat
What creates a valley?
What is the largest organ of the human body?
What eats other organisms?
What becomes smoother through weathering?
The element that heats toast is an example of:
Ice can fall down as
nest sitting is left up to the
The insect's cocoon being created occurs during the
Rocks sometimes contain what?
What happens to a cat's fur in the summer?
After evaporation water becomes
A magnet will stick to which of the following?
Hypothermia will set in under which conditions:
A black wall reflects little light, a pink wall reflects pink light a while wall
Rocks may be rounded by
What do octopuses release to blind predators?
Which decreases visibility while driving?
What contains moons?
What would be used to measure the substance which historically the Dutch and other farmers used to power the blades on the structure which moves water from low to highlands?
What is it called when h20 falls from a fluffy object to land on the top of cloth suspended on a rod?
What animal can live without oxygen
An inherited characteristic present in a baby is
if your shoe changes form at a certain heat level, what can that be described as?
Which would be the product of a solid that was brought above its melting point?
A beaver is going to experience a long winter in the upcoming months. The beaver knows that the weather is changing, so it begins to eat more and more food, knowing that it can survive meager months by being
Lighting a candle will cause the candle to
Vaccines
Jim wanted baby chickens so he gathered eggs and used a
Nerves are used to feel what on the skin?
Substances may be combined by the pouring of one into another, for example when
Viewing stars is made easier by
Sugar may increase the sweetness of a dish such as in
A person could get in trouble for doing what in a protected environment?
A winter storm is ravaging a city, so weather advisories are put out to the public. However, a man still need to get to work on time, so he takes his car on the highway. While driving, he discovers
The southern and northern hemisphere's seasons are opposite each other, so when the northern hemisphere is having it's longest day, it's the southern hemisphere's
What does photosynthesis require
which of these would disturb a standing body of water?
There are twenty-four new seasons in
We are trying to use air as sources of energy because there is an infinite amount of it, same with water. These are two examples of
Which is recyclable
If two blocks have unequal mass, which will speed up the most with a common force applied
Sea turtles share space with
More sunlight will be absorbed by
Some fish species, when hunting, will lurk in the shallowest portions of water and actually leave the water in order to capture prey. These fish are able to hunt in this fashion after years of
if a person had one of these, they could live permanently under water
Storms lead to
What is the ultimate source of greeting cards?
Which animal is known to have many learned behaviors?
The stars in the night sky make a yearly
A predator such as a hawk may kill prey by
What is it called when a cell converts oxygen and carbohydrates into carbon dioxide, water, and energy?
A plant stem contains a system of tubes for transporting water and nutrients to
What is an example of a change in the Earth?
when it turns day and night on a planet, what cause this?
Environments which are forested are often green; what is an example of this?
Why might a person fall asleep after being lost in a forest on a freezing cold day?
What do city-dwellers eat?
What does a tuna have that causes it to swim faster than a seahorse?
Pollinators are attracted to
Leaves play an important role in photosynthesis by being
A man wants to create a room that he can light up with the flick of a switch. To do this, he sends some electricity into a completed electrical circuit, through a conductor, which allows
The inventor of pasteurization also worked on
Lemonade tastes like
During seasonal changes, like from summer to fall, what is a common noted change?
A wasp will use it's stinger
The basic outside of our planet is comprised of
A bird would find nest making materials in a
Canyons are rock formations with cliffs that
What is the best example of a live birth?
Which of these would need the fewest hydrocarbon chains containing eight carbon atoms?
Skunks are an animal which has a stink sack, which means that
Evaporation is the reason that
If farmers want larger chicken populations
A factory is producing various items. If the factory wants to produce something that will itself produce little pollution, it could create
What source of power can be used up completely?
What might Lassie do to beat the heat?
in science, what is a cause and effect guess called?
Cycles of freezing and thawing water
A device may locate the northern portion of a forest through
A sound that is made by an animal with two legs is
do scars come naturally?
Life sustaining substances are required for
Creatures such as opossums and raccoons are scavengers, meaning that they get their food from various sources, wherever and however they can, even from trash cans. This can negatively impact the creature's health if
A few weeks after the month of December in the heart of Australia is often referred to as?
What is an instance of carnivores only eating animals?
An example of conservation would be
What vitamins help heal bones?
An example of an electric insulator is
Hitting the keys of a piano is like playing
Seeds can be dispersed through all sorts of creative ways, such as
At a meal one plate seems to be larger than the other plates.  That plate is
This can be used to light up a light bulb
When did the pond have less heat energy?
In the springtime, animals engage in ritual behavior such as
Recently, a lot of people, en masse, were told that they should take an opportunity to cast an image of an object through a pinhole onto a screen, in order to best enjoy an activity. This was because
how can one alter plants without interacting directly with it?
Sleet is made of
A thin beak is most useful to
Bacteria
in which of these environments would one ideally situate a farm?
Telephones will transfer acoustics using what energy
An example of a flexible container
which one of these methods can a potential prey use to escape attack?
okra has to have water, sun and what to grow
A lake, pond, or stream can all be used to
On a particularly hot day, a young woman clicks on a fan in the room, and the blades of the fan begin to quietly rotate in a circular motion, which
Windy means what is going at high speeds?
What is an example of weathering occurring over several years?
As the amount of fragrance of a flower increases, the better chances it has at
Food digestion in humans can be aided by
Which would a scavenger most likely eat?
Efforts to preserve the ecosystem might lead national parks to
The thermal production of a stove is generically used for
Which requires respiration to use energy?
When a insect looks like another type of entity what is it called?
Nerves are used in order to sense which things?
The gravitational pull of the sun causes what phenomenon?
We looked at the arrow on the compass and then turned around and walked in the opposite direction.  We were walking
When blood passes thru the primary element of the respiratory system it's diffused with
When Gia cooked her no-bake cookies too long, she discovered they had become hard, (though un-burnt). what is the most likely reason?
What happens when man moves into new environments?
An example of heat changing the state of matter could be
Animals require
What is an example of the appearance of stars seeming to move in relation to the horizon at night?
What month is in the season after spring in the northern hemisphere?
A man wants to use a material in a project that will be nonrenewable. The man decides to use
The fish reproduction technique supplies
Water vapor cooling over night
What do bees convert nectar into?
what happens when an animals' food intake increases
What would a rabbit most likely eat
Decomposition occurs when a decomposer recycles nutrients from dead organisms back to the soil by eating them; what is an example of this?
A full moon and a crescent moon occur normally
The moon's gravity
The moon has
Chlorophyll allows plants to soak up
If something living requires sustenance, it will likely
Plants grow because they
Plant lights can be useful in order to
As a car drives off in the night
A large mill in the area has led to streams and rivers being filled with
What action has a positive impact on the conservation of nonrenewable resources?
in electricity ceramics are sometimes used to
A rabbit has thicker fur in
A tape measure aids in
What happens when someone on top of a bicycle starts pushing it's peddles in a circular motion?
If a mosquito dies and is sucked into mud
trees have chlorophyll so they make their own
What kept the bat on course?
Things people eat come from
What would you use in an apartment to keep your neighbor below from hearing you shuffle around a room?
if an adult salmon goes back to where it was born, which of these is likely?
If the north is cold and the midnorth is warm, there will be
A guy wants to make dinner for his family, so he puts a pan on the stove, adds some meat, and turns on the stove so that heat is being added to the pan. As the meat is warmed through, beginning to sizzle, it is
What is needed to make an island?
It would be harder to grow a palm tree in
A moth
glucose is easily soluble in
What time of day does a solar panel work best?
Sediment built up around the shed due to:
Two gears grinding against each other will raise which of their properties?
electrical current does what to a wire to cause it to heat up
if the surface of our planet is different after a while, what could have happened?
Sunlight is a source of
What contributes to prey animals being able to survive predators long enough to mate?
Peat is derived from
which of these scenarios would result in the ugliest TV screen?
Which of the following is true?
A bear hibernates through cold weather because
Which shows a way to preserve natural resources:
A canyon is created by a strong force such as
A jellyfish's abilities exclude
In order to grow a rosebush needs a specific
From which distance will an object look the biggest?
Which does not support living things and is not a home to living things?
The Grand Canyon became so deep and large because
Heat can can cause matter to
A chipmunk that gathers many different items can often store what for later usage and help with plant dispersal.
A young boy decides that he likes dogs better than he likes cats. A reason for this may be that
A girl is turning sixteen and is experiencing changes to her breasts and other areas as she matures. These changes as she enters adulthood signify
When you heat liquids, what happens to it's ability to break down solids?
If you wanted to be outside in the daylight for the longest period when would be worst?
A rock may be used as a shelter by a
What season includes the last month of the year in the southern hemisphere?
Absorbing sunlight
An anemometer would get a work out on a
What heavenly object is closer to the planet where the TV was invented?
A litter of healthy cubs are born to a lioness, and eventually one of the cubs has a cut on its paw. It is reasonable to assume
careless handling of chemicals can lead to one of the following
Which is a function of the skeletal system?
What season is December in the southern hemisphere?
If someone is allergic to sunlight then the place they need to avoid is
After spring ends, the next time it will be spring is
A scale is necessary to determine
A plant's stem
In a bowl of water with the sun shining on it, what happens to the water after four hours?
A stone may experience the most weathering over
Brackish water is often found where
A wooden floor will be easier to slide a chair over than a carpeted floor will be because a wooden floor
The cell membrane keeps a cell from
A bear that ate a watermelon will also travel during the day to several areas of the surrounding forest, which can cause?
White blood cells
If a lawnmower runs over an anthill, the colony's population probably
Eating certain foods can add fiber into a diet which helps the body to stay regular, such as when eating
Some creatures can bring in prey by providing a source of light, such as
AIDS destroys the body by helping
A celestial body grows a few meters in size every year, and the mass increases as well. After a hundred years, the celestial body will
A scale can
Knowing the formula for speed
The respiratory system allows the body to
All natural resources come from nature such as
To burn away the darkness, even a tiny light will do, such as
if a ball on the beach bursts, what would most likely escape?
Leaves play a role in the making of
A stately red maple in a dense forest is supported by its
One source of pollution are
nonrenewable resources include all but
A full moon is caused by
A man is teaching his daughter to ride a bike. He emphasizes the need for her feet to remain on the pedals, so that
Crop rotation
Someday, the ground under the pile of rotting grain in the field will be
In what way do mice come into the world?
Pouring lemon juice into water
If a road is bumpy and another road is smooth, the bumpier road
Shelter can protect humans from
Tree rings can
what do animals need to protect them from bad weather?
Roses are propped up by
resources other than manmade can only be found on
A way to tell if a rock could possibly hold Fe inside is to
The black bear in Alaska is known for hunting this type of feast
Draining the rain with a rain gutter onto bare ground through a spout will
on which of these does a ball fall faster from a height?
A storm is coming and dark clouds are rolling in, which were formed after
Animals of the Arctic thrive in
Keeping your fast food bags in the car until you get home instead of throwing them out the window is an example of protecting the
National parks
Using trash in the way it was used in the last scene of the 'Back to the Future' movie is, most ideally, an example of:
Water boiling in a pot on a stove is an example of
The ground moving when the atomic bombs landed is similar to?
What do animals do if their habitat cannot support them?
What offers a tree with stability and a way to distribute nutrients throughout the plant?
For what does a stove generally generate heat?
A running car engine could
Standing near a campfire
Each of the moon's phases usually occurs once per
What is an example of an animal needing warmth for survival?
As an herbivore, deers will eat
How many minutes are in a 24 hour day?
The moon is what to the earth?
which of these would lead to a rise in speed and acceleration?
Weathering is
which of these people will have the best sight while driving to work?
A drop off in predator population
Some plants are easy for hummingbirds to sip nectar from. While the hummingbirds are taking nectar, the plants also gain something, which is
Protect the environment by
A flashlight works because the batteries inside of it produce chemical energy that
If I wanted to gain energy I could
If it is dark outside it is hard to see an object because it there is no
Electricity can flow as long as it has a conductor to help it along, such as
Which animal has the best camouflage in the Sahara?
Magnetism can cause
panting is the equivalent to humans
The sun appears to move because of the rotation of a
I need what to calculate the length from my big toe to my little toe?
A leaf falling from a tree means
A material that can be burned to produce electricity can be made from
Sowing plants native to an ecosystem
The world changes over time, and an example of this could be
A swordbill is able to drink from long, narrow flowers where other birds are unable to because of
If you had a telescope what is something meant to be viewed by it?
An electron microscope can
This is a rarely used way to produce electricity.
A substance people use for writing also helps an animal deal with
Where might you find a gecko?
by congregating together a collection of organisms chances of survival
Insects are eaten by
Rabbits consume
Beaches are harmed
which of these could lead to the introduction of new plant species to a place?
A man is building a cabin in a forested area that receives a lot of snow in the winter. The man would like the cabin to retain heat in the winter so that the cabin stays warm and that it is inexpensive to heat. In order to facilitate this desire, the man lines the walls of his cabin with
To travel in an environmentally friendly way
Chemical changes can occur when
What is an example of friction occurring?
What animal will have the least pressure on it
Deer often live near
What is formed by water evaporating from a solution of water and minerals?
Volume can indicate
What does tearing do to a whole?
humans can taste flavors, and so can
A man grows flowers in the winter using his greenhouse. The flowers blossom there, despite the cold, freezing weather and lack of sunshine, because
Coral can be found in
Switching on a light can complete an electrical circuit, which may
Large fins
Which of these is a solution?
why must a cell delegate its essential functionalities?
On the moon people are pulled down
It is possible to renew
Grey clouds often appear before
A refraction of light that splits into all different colors often occurs after
Acid rain may effect things in ways such as
When hurricanes move over land, the hurricane does what?
If you add heat to something, a chemical reaction may take place, like when
What does a skunk produce?
In which situation would an animal shed fur?
If seeds stick to the coat of an animal they can be?
White blood cells
A thermal conductor may conduct energy from
Pulse accelerates
Bicycle riding is nearly unique to certain species such as
A species that has only 1 living member
Springtime with animals can mean:
migration is when animals travel from the northern most state to Texas during what segment of time?
Transpiration can contribute to
Smoothing will occur
Which shows a change from potential energy to kinetic energy?
The type of climate change known as anthropogenic is caused by this:
What is one thing cloud precipitation can be?
Clouds are
Birds reproduce using
which of these is more similar to electric particles behavior?
What comes directly from the source?
deserts are known for having what type of climates?
To experience evaporation you can
A flashlight emits
When the Earth's Northern axis is tilted away from the Sun the amount of daylight is
Where is the sun located at 12:00 PM?
We made sure to use the hose on the begonia daily so it would
Squirrels are seed dispersers because
What type of human diet would be most comparable to a cow
which of these individuals would be more healthy?
pushing against a rolling boulder will decrease its
In a desert area plants grow
what is one use for a radio
If something good is increased, survival of organisms needing it increase, such as when
Turning beef from red to brown requires energy from
A person is travelling and needs to know how much further to go, so for the remainder of the trip, he is
What is the earth's surface made of?
A plant can germinate in another place when a person rubs against its
A frog reproduces with some other frogs, then watches over the potential offspring which are
What room in a house would signify the excretory system?
If a tree burns down, it can be made right by
What role does the first step in the food chain have?
Water at 50 degree  C is
A phase change is
Owls spend their nights
A person wants to start saving money so that they can afford a nice vacation at the end of the year. After looking over their budget and expenses, they decide the best way to save money is to
There is most likely going to be fog around:
Predators eat
Oak tree seeds are planted and a sidewalk is paved right next to that spot, until eventually, the tree is tall and the roots must extend past the sidewalk, which means
An electric car runs on electricity via
As the rain forest is deforested the atmosphere will increase with
an electric car contains a motor that runs on
The middle of the day usually involves the bright star nearest to the earth to be straight overhead why?
The summer solstice in the northern hemisphere is four months before
The main component in dirt is
It's easier for human's to survive in:
A cactus stem is used to store
A red-tailed hawk is searching for prey. It is most likely to swoop down on
The chance of wildfires is increased by
A positive effect of burning biofuel is
As gasoline costs rise, alternative fuels are being used, which means that
A person wants to be able to have more natural power in their home. They choose to cease using a traditional electric company to source this electricity, and so decide to install
A Mola Mola might live where?
Which requires energy to move?
An animal that only eats plants is a
There was a lot more water vapor in the air when we went on a trip to
An example of conservation is avoiding the use of
What can feathers on Spheniscidae be used for?
Overpopulation can cause
Shining a light through a diamond can
If you were attacked by a shark and had to punch it sharply where it pulls in air from, you'd use your hand to make contact with
which of these would stop a car quicker?
what system is needed for a body to get its needed supply of the gas humans breathe in?
Every evening a child can look into the night sky and see that the moon is
When it's flying, a plane has no friction with the
To grow plants require
What is the best way to guess a babies eye color?
What animal eats plants?
Which of these is a hypothesis?
What explains the characteristic lunar formations?
Tadpoles start their lives as
If a person puts out four apples around their home on the same day, the molecules in which apple would be moving the most rapidly?
What is used for sensing visual things?
They studied the soil by using
Bill's arm got cold when he put it inside the
A recyclable material can be
What is different about birth in humans and chickens?
Which of these situations is an example of pollutants?
Human reproduction requires
Thermometers
if the earth was a living room, what can be done to melt the glaciers?
What would happen when balloons heat up?
A balloon is filled with helium for a party. After the party, the balloons are left in the living room, where a fireplace is heating the room. The balloons
Seals are most likely to be found in what type of environment?
When the eggs hatch, the offspring are
Some berries may be eaten by
A person has a chance to experience an equinox
Overpopulation of an organism can
To improve health, what is a good strategy?
A girl and her mom have the same
The transportation with the most mass is likely a
A rabbit may enjoy
A construction group wants to put a shopping center in town, but the only place available is a small nature park with a trail. Deer and other wildlife frequent the park, since it is the only place in the city where trees and fresh water are available for them. The construction group decides to build the shopping center, which means that
Owls are likely to hunt at
What could be a positive aspect of a tree being cut down?
Birds carrying away fruit helps the tree
If a UFO is flying overhead and looks small, then large, then
Inherited behavior is exhibited when
What likely explains deforestation?
Mosquitoes enjoy all the people at a BBQ in the summer for what reason?
The surface of the moon contains
A tool used to identify the percent chance of a trait being passed down has at least
A prisoner is kept in a stone room, unable to see the sun. The prisoner knows that he needs vitamin D to survive, so he
When trying to pull a rose out of the ground why do you encounter resistance?
A bat flew through the sky without hitting anything due to which of these?
How can we see that the coloration of fur is an inherited characteristic?
Decaying vegetation is part of the process that
After a torrential downpour over a week, a man notices that the pond in his backyard is
The amount of friction and the speed of an object have what kind of relationship?
A fallen leaf
Over a period of time the weather can change
Plant growth may cause
The man's heart skipped a beat and he felt pain after touching which of these?
Which substance is capable of dripping?
If bacon is left too long on a hot stove top
the dashboard reading in a jaguar would likely be set to which of these?
are explosions safe?
The lowest temperature on the trip was at
What is the benefit to using a frosted window film over a non treated windows?
Ocean water contains
A cheetah that runs all day will find it has lost a lot of
Beak shape can influence a bird's ability
Some blind people have demonstrated bat-like skills by:
December 21st through March 20 is a three month period which is an example of what?
Seeds provide new plants with
What is a more comfortable color to have for your automobile upholstery if living in a desert?
The salamander could eat a large amounts of what?
A person can see
When looking for good soil for plants, typically what is optimal?
Animals are drawn to
Squirrels spend their fall
Rainbows are always found after what?
Crop rotation has a positive impact on what?
the best method for detecting texture is
Cold-blooded animals are often
Grey clouds can bring
Which animal is considered a predator?
Pollinators
A farmer harvests seeds from some plants, such as tomatoes, in order to plant them later on. These seeds, once planted
What type of characteristics are people not born with?
A spinning object is used to make
One of the negative consequences of offshore oil platforms is
The unit of measure derived from French word millilitre is a unit used for measuring volume generally used for values between 1 and
A man's child runs through the yard in the sprinklers, getting mud all over their feet. The child then runs around on the porch, tracking mud everywhere. While the mud is still wet, the man decides to clean off the porch by
Earthquakes
A seismograph can accurately describe
Light from further away may appear to be less bright than other, closer sources, such as in which instance?
A plant needs a specific climate to grow and
Banging on a drum causes
What may have been formed by a volcano?
Humans, cats, dogs, and elephants are known as mammals because their kids are born alive. Non-mammalian babies are born
Wind can cause
Inherited characteristics
How could we determine approximately how far a bird is from the ground?
Endangered pandas are sometimes
Algae can be found in
A toaster converts electrical energy into heat energy for toasting much like
An octopus, when in danger and unable to swim to safety, may find itself
What does someone do when creating music?
The pull the human planet space rock orbiter has on certain bodies of dihydrogen monooxide results in?
Since density = mass / volume, denser liquids such as water sink more than
Photosynthesis can be performed by
The force exerted on an object and distance traveled have what kind of relationship?
all cells use cellular respiration to
The viewing oriented sensor of a prairie creature are for what?
A dog is going to have to corral sheep for the afternoon, so it needs to prepare its body for the enormous workload ahead of it. The dog is
A woman sells bracelets that she makes. The bracelets gain popularity, and the woman makes incredibly large amounts of money from the sales. After a while, very few people are still buying the bracelets, so
A desert environment is
Seasons are caused by what rotating on its axis?
Which is best an letting electricity pass through?
Asteroids crashing on planets can leave behind
What is the formula of the substance which best helps plants grow
You can experience a change of pressure when
A small creek absorbing heat energy can result in
Summertime  happens during June in all but which location?
It takes more water to fill a bathtub than a
The eighth month of the year is winter in
birds use their peckers to catch
transplanting seedling oaks has a positive impact on
What is an example of hunting?
Which of these has shape that changes depending on the container which it resides within?
What would be the flavor if you ate the item that fell and is thought to have hit Sir Issac Newton's head
Earth's four layers are comprised mainly of
if coffee sits in the fridge and loses its liquid form, what is that point known as?
Mammals give birth to live
If a battery in an electromagnet is active, then what will happen to a nail in that electromagnet?
Which of these is a factor in the shape of a fern's seed?
Which is recyclable?
if the population in a habitat is on a steady decline, what condition is the habitat?
A teacher wants to show how to combine two substances together. The two things that he can use in order to mix them completely are
Medicine is used to cure but can cause people to have allergic reactions such as
Lightning may lead to
When would a nocturnal predator most likely hunt?
Where water be located in its gas form?
Green parts of a life form absorb
If a new species of predator joins a community
Why would a perennial plant with an elongated stem a frequently used for lumber fall to the ground?
I'm an animal with a white fur and a large fluffy tail that lives in arctic regions; what am I?
Dairy is a source of
Atomic 26 is drawn to a device, it could be
why do tadpoles change into frogs?
What do cows eat?
Which object conducts electricity?
Glucose travels
Evaporation
In order for crops to grow food safely, pesticides are used on them. When it floods, this causes t he what to be poisonous?
The boy was able to warm the fireplace without a lighter thanks to what?
Where would a duck like to live?
What do tuna eat?
A woman notices that she is depressed every autumn, and wonders why. A friend suggests to her that perhaps certain changes that take place as seasons move from warm to cold may be having an effect on her. When pressed for an example of these changes, the friend cites
is it normal for an adult animal to lay eggs?
If your dog is overweight
Eyes allow humans
Organisms covered by layers of sediment
The winter solstice is on December 21st in the
A lake environment is a good setup for what to happen to organic remains?
were there fossil fuels in the ground when humans evolved?
The Grand Canyon is massive, with large, high peaks and very deep lows, which was formed when
What type of useful product can be made from the moving winds?
The sides of the canyon are
which of these people would have the worst air quality at their residence?
What is a stopwatch used for?
As a drought worsens the level at an aquifer will
Wind frequently helps transport from one place to another
When a kid slams on the brakes on their bike what is caused?
Sources of spices have
Conservation
A tree is not the habitat of a
Erosion could lead to
A hemisphere experiences summer when
What date is the amount of daylight minimized
Which term is involved with protection by skin?
The reason Earth is so sturdy is because
A plant left in the dark
A boy wants to use his Walkman so that he can listen to some music. When he tries to turn it on, it us unable to, and the boy realizes that he will need
Nuclear activity is the cause of what celestial occurrence?
Which source provides the safest water?
A rabbit has a litter of bunnies! Most of the babies are white, just like the mother rabbit, but one baby has brown spots, like the father rabbit. The father rabbit
Photosynthesis means plants are unable to
Through DNA, a rabbit will have long ears if
There are various creatures that live in forests, such as
An octopus protects itself with
Resources decreasing in an environment
The sidewalk next to a house having a crack in it and having vegetation growing from it is considered?
If you wanted to make a necklace, how long would you have to wait for the materials to appear inside the Earth?
Moon phases
If hot water were poured on an arm, what would happen to internal organs?
Barnyard bovines
Desert environments features
a large cluster of humans, dogs, apple trees, atmosphere and more can be called
A person is considering various organs, and is looking at which ones will be most muscular. A contender for most muscular is
Which pair don't reproduce the same way?
Which of the following is warm blooded?
A male bird spots a female of his species and begins a fancy dance, flashing his bright feathers around in the air, showing off. This male is attempting to procure
Vast quantities of metal can be obtained from
Roasting a turkey requires adding what type of energy
Dry environments often
Phloem moves things around a plant similar to how
Where would a polar bear be most comfortable?
When a plane is in the sky and is several miles away, the light seen is barely visible, but when it is drawing near
Members of rock bands often perform with
Muscles move bones to produce movement like when
How is electricity produced from the ocean?
small reptile's diet consists mostly of
The life work of a flower is to
Which of these would create the most sound if struck with a metal spoon?
During landslides there is often a lot of
An example of a chemical reaction would be
The size of an object and the ability to see it more easily have what kind of relationship?
Tuna primarily eat
Evaporation of water can lead to
What is an electrical energy conductor?
What kind of substance will cool when it touches a cold object?
Scraping an object
A pulley is used to lift a flag on a flagpole by
Which animal lays eggs
Dunes can be made out of the same thing as
A learned behavior is exhibited when
Wax can be used similarly to
Bill planted rapeseed in his field one year and soybeans the next in order to
What is the primary reason my duck feather filled jacket works well against the snow
Turbines churning seawater can be used to produce what?
What will increase when a substance absorbs solar energy?
Which of these travels through the air?
A company makes notebooks for college courses, so their main material is
Rain is usually guaranteed when all are present but
Sources of air pollution are
What are iron nails made out of?
Putting one kind of soda into the same cup as another kind of soda is doing what to the substances?
A moth leaving it's cocoon is the final step in a
Which of these combinations would be desired if someone wanted to make a cutting implement that lasts a long time?
Which of the following is powered the same way an electric car is?
Aluminum is what?
To get warm frogs can
if you put wine from a jug into a thin bottle, how come it conforms?
Earthworms create tunnels in
when worms return nutrients from dead organisms to the soil by eating them it is known as
The aluminum cans were much hotter than the
Which of the following is not an input in photosynthesis?
which of these are you most likely to find in a desert?
If your dog sits in an oxygen deficient chamber, what happens?
Which of the following can be used to turn on an electrical device?
Which of the following contains large amounts of salt water?
The nimbleness of this animal is a key adaption that allows it to escape attacks from predators:
A person speaks English as her first language because
what are eaten by honey producing insects?
The Earth's closest heat source is
How can we see how wind effects sand?
Fruit comes from what source
In which location would a groundhog hide from a wolf?
Cutting down trees in a forest
I chipped away at a toy doll and the surface became really rough, when I rub it against a piece of wood that will create an increase in
The arctic is white in coloring
What would help to ensure that your dog remains free from hypothermia in January in Alaska?
The majority of a lizard's diet consists of
What food production happens in a leaf?
Plants are unable to grow if they have zero access to
Which characteristic did a person inherit?
Selective deforestation has a negative impact on
Where would you find a mine?
What can cause people to crash their car?
Coral grows in
A Punnett square is used to identify the percent chance of a trait being passed down from a parent to its offspring, so
A deer is eating in a field, and wants more food. Regardless of how hard the deer tries, the deer is unable to produce
Building new areas to dispose of refuse may lead to
Evaporation
A field begins to bloom and blossom and plants need to be pollinated. In order to spread seeds, plants will most rely on
Which item urinates?
All of the following are examples of evaporation apart from
The lunar cycle also changes
An organism that makes food for itself
What does the respiratory system transfer to the circulatory system?
In a closed circuit, electricity will
A Punnett square can be used to calculate the chance of a trait being passed to someone's
They looked where the log decayed to garden as it would leave the earth
what kind of temperature causes fur shedding?
exposure to fire could result in
What is an example of clear weather meaning sunny weather?
The special tissues in plants that transport minerals throughout the plant are similar to
a compass is a kind of tool for determining direction by pointing
Which of these saws will last longer?
although there are many stars visible in the night sky, which is most visible in the day?
The moon is known for having what feature?
Cellular respiration's trash is
Which of the following human activities can lead to a change in the local ecosystem?
A bird that takes off flying is
The leading cause of soil and rock erosion is
Which of these foods might have a negative impact on humans?
What kind of implement is a compass?
Nectar is taken to
what is the closest source of plasma to our planet?
A sailor needs to navigate to the shore, and does this by
A bat starts its life similarly to a
In order to catch a rabbit, a predator must be
If a bird is a carnivore, then it is likely a(n)
A warm-weather organism can be found in
When approaching an elephant from a great distance,
What would cause a human to grow?
A saguaro has adaptations for an environment with
There are less hummingbirds by this house than before because of
the  oceans are full of
A light was off because the cord was
In the hottest months in the hottest desert, creatures such as birds may find water to drink
Why might a polar bear grow white hair?
Xylem
A food that is a source of heat is
When heat is added to something
The heart is an example of
Prey are eaten by
A dog is warm-blooded just like
A flashlight will need this in order to radiate photons:
to find out how fast you are going you first need to know
A small lamb, two days old, is walking with its mother. The mother feels ill, so refuses food, which dries up her milk production. The lack of lactation causes the lamb to
When trying to find fresh clams for dinner, a hungry person would don
How do polar bears survive the cold?
A solid is likely to form in extreme
What are the feet of Dendrocygna autumnalis designed for?
What is an example of fire giving off light?
The respiratory system works by
Animals have more fat
A stick bug uses what to protect itself from predators?
Corn is sometimes used to make
The inside of the Thanksgiving turkey is white instead of pink because of
Little puppies are a result of:
What would a Jersey most likely be fed?
Which of these energy sources generates the least amount of pollution?
Grass snakes live in what?
Cephalopod ink is by octopuses to
Tapping a drumstick to a drum will
Snow is more likely to fall two months before
If I want to avoid being dinner for some type of frog what should I reincarnate as?
Dead plants are easier to find in
The harder a child pushes a toy car
Fossil fuels
A star, burning far, far away, has enormous pressure and temperature. This allows for
Erosion is caused by different kinds of
Respiration is a
In order for your computer to operate, it must have an electrical path that is what?
Polar bears live in
What would be more likely to attract a magnet?
What constitutes a frog's diet?
What is an example of the digestive system digesting food for the body?
The body is negatively impacted by
Someone wants their electromagnets to work, but is having difficulty powering them. In order to make them work, they need to
if a place has experienced flooding, what could be responsible?
What is an example of reproduction?
A place that is snowy has a large amount of
An ideal abode for crickets is
Carbon steel is always what?
if a bat delivers a live offspring, what does this tell us?
If you find something smooth and hard on the ground, it is probably made of what?
as you get closer to something it begins to
After a storm
What could I use as biofuel
Which animal is hiding from a predator?
Which best demonstrates the concept of force causing an increase in speed?
the night sky shows very far away what
Which would you likely find inside a beach ball?
Two fridge decorations when touched back to back
Runoff happens because of
Desert environments are generally
Are deserts characterized by high sunshine?
Water conservation could be a survival tactic in
Objects used to hold sheets of paper together are often
In order for plants and animals to grow, they need to consume food and water for
A bear cub learns to stay away from unknown bears because
a person driving to work in which of these is most likely to lose control?
The only creature with offspring that is hatched, of these, is the
What element is prevalent in a plateau?
When a city tears down a park in a city, the park
Seeds
If a grizzly bear eats a salmon, what is the grizzly bear demonstrating?
The spring season brings
Kinetic energy can be found in objects that move, such as
which of these is the quickest to go visiting from our world?
Animals died after the removal of a
If I want to go running at night, what can I use as a reflector?
the closest star to our planet delivers solar energy to the planet
Coal-fire power stations heat coal to incredible temps in order to
Creatures sometimes have barbs on their backs that they use to sting, all of these do, outside of the
A renewable resource is
In a hypothetical world, black bears decrease in numbers until there are zero black bears left on this world. The black bear species
Acid can be used to make a new
Global warming is lowering the world's amount of
Echolocation can't detect an object's
What material has already broken down?
Which beverage would dissolve solids the best?
Which animal has live births?
Quartz crystals are made up of
cellular respiration is when energy is produced in a cell by consumption of
Did pasteurization get invented by Thomas Edison?
A glass of water can undergo a chemical change by adding
Water levels may decrease on cloudless days because
To change an object's shape
Steve was driving on the highway when he rear-ended another car because he didn't see it until he was just a foot away. This could have happened because of
DNA is a vehicle for passing
A beach ball goes from flat to round once you put what inside of it?
In general, how many times per month is there a full moon?
What kind of object does light bounce off of?
The amount of brush in a park has been decreasing. What could be a cause?
if a pot on the stove is described as hot, what does this mean?
What animal is more difficult for predators to see in water?
A wedge requires
In solid phase matter has a/an
A school trip is going to study the coral reef for a class. They want to see how strong coral is, and what species of life live in and around it. Therefore, the class
When ice buildup is on a sidewalk, the ice may be reduced by
The appropriate place to put this item is the recycling bin
How many times would someone change the page of a calendar in a year?
A car has the least speed if it
Which musical instrument is the same type as a guitar?
The balance result will be number of
Which of these is a place where a human might live?
Camouflage is when an organism does what?
Which of these is required for a plant to enjoy the product of a rain storm?
How does a microscope make small things appear?
Water can turn to vapor
An incandescent bulb's filament produces similar light as an LED bulb, but more
A boy at school is waiting desperately for the school day to be over so that he can go home and play video games. He watches the time count down on the clock at the head of the class, counting the
Camouflage can be used by animals for hunting
Carbohydrates are made of sugar, which means that a diabetic would need to exhibit care in consuming
Hand dryers can also be used to
Polar bears require
A measurement of time that is less than a minute is a
What will be more available in an area when rainfall increases?
When does the first quarter phase of the moon occur?
An ice cube placed in sunlight will
If a person loses his job and is low on money, he will have to start cutting back on how much food he consumes or he'd run out, otherwise known as
The skeletal system protects which of these?
What has more gravity force than Earth but less than the sun?
The dam was put under much more stress after the
If photosynthesis was a recipe it would require these ingredients
If a nail is Fe, that nail is
when a circle is torn it is
Wind can cause
What happens as water levels rise?
An increase in an object's temperature occurs when
A sousaphone
A cooked lobster is
An animal might pant
Carnivores
The light that appears dimmest is
A plant will grow strong if it has
loose soil can be caused by one of these
An instinctual behavior is
How do plants reproduce?
What produce pollen and seeds?
which of these would be most ideal for plant root growth?
Having a sense of touch means
Live birth is exemplified in
Cooking peas requires
Earth revolves around
A satellite orbits a
Will happen to the number of islands if the planet's temperature rises?
There is a heightened threat of landslide in
An example of water being an electrical conductor would be what?
What would Occur once between January 1st and December 31st
Burning something that reproduces usually will:
what does a chipmunk do with acorns
A pot of pasta is boiling on the stove, and the lid on top of the pot is shaking as the water boils more rapidly. A person goes to the stove and removes the pot, releasing steam into the air above, and so the steam is
A plant that gets extra minerals such as zinc are probably
Which item has a higher altitude?
if a student wants an orange, he would have to get it from which of these?
What could have covered an organism in order to create a trilobite?
A dog is more likely to shiver at
Photosynthesis does what by converting carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight into carbohydrates?
where might a bunny live?
A shark will be unable to survive on eating algae and moss, because
A meadow vole just gave birth, and needs to feed herself so that she can produce milk for her babies. She searches for food in a field, and happily munches down on some
The Grand Canyon was formed by
A woman, with a pale complexion, wants to spend the bright, sunny day at the beach. She makes sure that she stops at the store to pick up some sunblock before she begins to enjoy her day filled with sand and surf. She applies the sunblock carefully and thoroughly, because she knows that
A person is heating water in order to cook pasta. He spills the pot of water on his leg and finds that the water
Pasta may be cooked in water when
A decrease in diseases
When soil is viewed in a scientific way, what is seen and viewed is actually
Some animals use a liquid coming from their skin to adjust to
The sun is responsible for
When standing miles away from Mount Rushmore
When food is reduced in the stomach
Stars are
You can make a telescope with a
Poison causes harm to which of the following?
an inherited characteristic found on all mammals is
What doesn't eliminate waste?
As a car approaches you in the night
When the weather changes as it does from Christmas to Easter,
Using mirrors to focus collected light from heavenly bodies allows
Which of these things will supplement a squirrel's caloric needs?
As you look deeper into a Marbel you can see
What happens when mercury is placed in water?
In the desert, a hawk may enjoy an occasional
A magnet will stick to
Shorter periods of daylight happen
A person is lost in a dense forest, and needs to find their home. They know their home is to the south, and they are headed north. They can find home by using a
Where are you likely to find a nonrenewable resource?
A man is searching for his dog in the woods and brings a flashlight. The flashlight has two large batteries in it, which
the summer solstice is on June 21st in the
A mouse is being hunted by a Great Horned Owl. The owl watches the mouse carefully, and the mouse is unaware that it is being hunted. The mouse is unable to tell where the owl is, because
You would use a seismometer if
Many animals that give birth to live young have
A child will only grow if they are provided with
Every twenty-four hours and fifty minutes, the moon can have an effect on bodies of water causing them to
The many trees on a forest floor
A car is driving on a highway trying to get up the the speed limit. However, there are strong winds hitting the windshield of the car. Even though the driver is trying to speed up, the high winds
a student leaves a nail line on a mineral sample, so that mineral can be described as what?
An example of a chemical change is acid breaking down substances, another is
Matter in the gas phase has
an example of an excellent earth mover is
Which animal gives birth to live young?
As a plant's roots get bigger, they split apart
In the wilderness, light pollution is?
Water vapor is an example of what?
Heat and moisture in the ocean is a good recipe for
if the boiling point of water is attained, what ensues beyond this point?
What is the most likely to be an effect of acid rain on an aquatic environment?
When the moon is full is has a different
What happens when a hemisphere is tilted away from the sun?
One renewable fuel source is
I can use electrical energy to
On the list of a flower's goals would be to
A person wants to buy some reusable equipment for the kitchen, so they get
The only stage of the water cycle process that is nonexistent is
which of these would more likely survive?
The moon's surface
Greenhouses
Earth rotating causes
which one of these can help a person cook their food?
Sunlight produces heat that causes
with which could you tell the exact size of an object?
Which would be the result of the breeding of two wolves?
Scales
When producers create food in an ecosystem, a portion of the nutrients are
Two ships grazing each other as they pass will
A battery converts chemical energy into
The leaves of a plant benefit from?
Quartz may produce rainbows when light is shined
A woman is digging under a tree on a tall mountain. She is looking for interesting rocks, and a foot down into the soil, discovers a fossilized fish skeleton. From this discovery, the woman is able to determine that
Which animal lacks the ability to see by sensing light?
Which animal emits something that many autistic people would be extra sensitive to?
which of these usually occur over the shortest period?
If the sun has set it is
A magnifying glass
What do rotating vanes on an electric fan do to air?
An animal would have its inner parts better protected if it had which of these?
Plants require this to grow
Renewable resources
a day hiking will most likely result in which of these?
Refraction
which of these can be considered a stage in the water cycle?
Which of these items is required for a deer to live
Where is the best place to shoot animals?
Spiders can catch prey by doing all aside from
When does electricity flow through a conductor?
I can use a stopwatch to track
If John were going to the store, how would he measure his trip?
A man plugs his television into an outlet behind a cabinet. He sees that the television may now be turned on so that he can watch his favorite show. The man knows that by hooking the t.v. cord into the outlet
Which type of energy is the most environmentally friendly?
Which form can be made into a triangle?
who would see better through an underground tunnel?
There are now many more people because of
Water in a sealed jar might do what when placed in the freezer?
What causes a chemical reaction?
What stores food for future use and is green?
Filling a bottle full of water and then placing it in the freezer can lead to
What functions without contact between objects?
Which doesn't contain water?
Fungi
Compared to a regular swimmer, a scuba diver deals with more
What is an example of the fact that a thing is dead once it dies after having previously lived?
Thunder clouds are
If someone is experiencing frequent falls
It is easiest to get a clear photo of the moon by
Filling a glass with markers for cup amounts on it would be
Winter snows follow Autumn's falling leaves by
The way that squirrels put away food during the cool season ensures that they
An example of a consumer would be
Eating and digesting a large meal is guaranteed to produce
Canyons are generally old, huge, and breathtaking and are
If a room is going to be humid, or dry, depends on how much water vapor is in the air, so if a room wants to be humid
What impacts an objects ability to reflect light?
which of these would make an ideal object to drive in with a hammer?
local plant varieties are the best for improving the local
Electricity sent through a conductor
The sun is a source of which, first and foremost?
Where in the world will a person have the smallest shadow at noon?
Oil is a source of a material used for an object with
A magnet would attract a
What sort of habitat would living things live in?
A person finishes drinking a bottle of water and notices that at the bottom of the bottle is a small symbol, consisting of three arrows in a triangular shape. This symbol tells the person that they should
In order to better understand the world around us, specialists
A woman leaves some meat on the counter, and bacteria begins to quickly grow on the surface. This bacteria may cause
Stars appear in different areas in the sky at different times of year due to what?
Corn can sometimes
strumming a string can cause what type of wave?
Coral is a type of living organism which can be identified in
Having reliable plant sources in a field, a rabbit may react by
The layer of material on the bottom of the Snake River was put there by what?
Which converts carbon dioxide, water, and solar energy into oxygen?
December is in the summer in what
Trembling muscles spasms in animals can be caused in party by
The number of lines found in a tree bore will tell you?
Hummingbirds take what with them
To naturally increase the amount of organic matter in soil add
Peat is an important factor when
When a bird is living in a certain segment of the world, it can become part of that environment along with predators and food sources, the process being called what?
Chimpanzees dig for insects with sticks; what is another example of using tools?
Carbon dioxide exists where it does because
What covers over 90% of the Earth's surface and 0% of the moon's surface
Why do  berries exist?
The biggest things on the moon are
Which set of animals don't compete for food?
will a glacier travel at greater speeds than a sea going vessel?
Something that shows that the earth changes is
A lot of people think that volcanoes may only exist in tall mountains that tower above us, but a lot of volcanoes
A car slowed down because of
The lights were turned off in a room, who could find the light switch?
slope is a measure of the difference in elevation from the top to the base of a
In a zoo, a polar bear exhibit will contain
Precipitation sometimes leads to
When the scientist finally completed his new invention he thanked his
When the game console's power cable was attached to the wall, electricity ended up in
Some birds have scooped beaks, but others have sharp beaks such as
People commonly have bad reactions to what they get from a
What happens to body water when animal activity rises
More carbon dioxide is in the air in the past decade than ever before, probably because
What slows down the transfer of heat?
Whether a rainstorm, snow, or hail, humanity can find a way to escape it by
In a strong tempest, a large boulder may be
The way that electrical conductors works in ways such as
When wheels are squealing on a blacktop, friction
Breaking a vase changes its
When looking for a good renewable resource in order to avoid wasting anything that will eventually run out, a man decides to use
A consequence of polluting could be that
the top layer of soil contains the most nutrients where I
A cacti is basically an enormous stem, which means that
Without reliable sources of food or water
An echo is produced by what type of reflection of sound source?
if food has lack of immediate use for energy then it will
Puerto Rico experienced many landslides due to Hurricane Maria in
What item's housing is made of metal?
Deserts, Jungles, and Oceans have many different
If a glacier going past a dock brushed up against some large boulders there, the stones would
Air is considered to be a vehicle for..?
The removal of trees may cause damage to ecosystems such as
When a wolf is buried what will happen to other wolves?
A fundamental feature of all life produces
What part of the backyard is cooler than the other parts?
What is an example of reproduction being a stage in the life cycle process?
Iron is used to make
When car is close to the runner the illumination of the motorized entity is at a higher level because?
During a thunderstorm an animal is most likely going to relocate to a
How do some octopus hide?
nutrients from food and water are necessary to an organism's
When a microfiber towel is used to pick up a puddle of milk, the towel then
Why would a species camouflage as a dangerous animal?
The reason that flies can always find food is that they can smell
examples of pollution include all but
This type of energy resource often results in particulates that are very toxic to breathe:
Seeds travel by
What should my thermometer read if I want to make sure my home-made popsicles are done?
Using wind in order to power factories is a good idea because
A storm rages for two weeks, and the rivers and lakes swell past their holding capacity, so
what process is adulthood categorized under?
If an object undergoes chemical change then that object will have new chemical properties, such as
polar bears are white due to an inherited
Seeing the stars will be harder when what happens?
A planet rotating causes cycles of day and night on that planet, like on
Because a logging company has been working here the area has more
what is sonar used for
When a lake is exposed to enough heat over time
A pupa creates cocoons in a stage of the life cycle, and eventually the insect will
What does water taste like after a substance is dissolved in it?
What causes the pull of gravity on a planet?
If more pollution is released into the air, what happens to the planet's temperature?
An example of adapting to survive is
When would a reflector be most effective?
a toaster converts electricity into radiant waves for
A light is refracted when
coal is a resource that
After the wolf ate all the rabbits he survived on:
A bird makes its home in various places, such as
To identify the percent chance of a trait being passed down we need at least
A pile of iron will
The water in the bowl was gone before the water
A side effect of having a Husky as a pet is that when she sheds
An example of feeling
Some fields house incredible creatures such as
Which of these items must be combined with a river to produce power?
You can let someone know you are at the door thanks to a
When being pursued by a lion
The ability that an oven has to turn ingredients into a moist cake come from its
Why would happen if the screw was loose on a bicycle's tire?
Why was my son-in-law required to add rugs or carpeting to his upstairs apartment when the ground floor wasn't?
the mantle is
Transpiration involves
A microscope can be placed against the sun and
one inherited characteristic of fur is it's
An example of adaption is
If a snail is heated to the point of being burned, the snail will
In a bog, when water levels become low,
What contributes more, though less than some believe, to the lung damage caused by smoking?
The below surface pebbles of the Snake River are of non rough edges because of?
There are producers that exist in the food chain, and they basically
Pollution is caused by
I have to plug in a processor of food because it
The size of eyes matter relevant to sight and sight ability, given that
The reason that ducks are such excellent swimmers is because
Some minerals originated from a material that was
Heavy rains cause flooding which
Stems are to flowers as
when an animal's eyes grow, what happens
Environments which are covered in snow are often white as a result of said snow and what other factor?
Blood absorbs oxygen in the
For a hungry hawk chasing a mouse, if the mouse darts away, the hawk must
Mothers have many roles, one of which is
Small, usually red plastic squares are often placed on transporters such as bicycles in order to
If a lizard is unable to obtain sufficient nutrients in a period of time, the resulting effect may be
A bunny wants to eat strawberries, but it is unable to find any. However, the bunny finds a patch of small white buds. If the rabbit waits a while
We can calculate a speed if we know a number of
When any two object strike with each other, the molecules of the outer of the two objects coming in contact could
Condensation over night
In a warm room, it is likely that the source of heat is
Wax is on some plant leaves for what purpose?
Lightness may be seen reflected more clearly and brighter off of lighter colored objects, so an example would be
What can show how a rainbow is formed by refraction of light by splitting light into all different colors?
Which of these animal traits is generally determined by environmental factors rather than heredity?
Bees are attracted to
If an animal is living, then
What does harming an organism cause?
Veins carry blood which means that they
A source of something supplies that something, like how
If you breathe out, especially in the vicinity of clear glass, you may witness
The bear in the wild needs to find other animals to feast.
A hawk would prefer this for lunch
Why is it dangerous for an animal to be kept boxed up in an area without air circulation?
Animals may relocate to a new environment if their old environment
many vehicles emitting pollution into the air may occur when
What material is an example of an electrical insulator?
The sun was straight above us when we
Rubber can protect from
A pollutions standard is something which
Electricity causes less damage to the Earth's atmosphere than
If a river is rushing southwest on a sunny day, then it is safe to assume that
Using a metal kitchen tool on a cheese can create
Someone in a room without any lights on, but that has mirrors in it, can still have light in that room if
The increase in transport ability may increase the available types of
seeds are often found inside a
If two hawks find a dead fox, they will
Seasons of the year highly impact what?
There are fuels that we are soon to run out of, and there are options that are like the sun, in that
while passing Jupiter the
The sea is
A beak is used for catching prey by some birds, like how they are used by
Flowers will reproduce more if
Which celestial object is the shortest distance from earth?
Which would be a logical hypothesis after viewing a white substance on the floor, with a yellow carton on the counter?
With the apple tree chopped down, there was now no place for
What makes a body stronger?
Recycling old cars has a positive impact on
Organisms require energy in order to do what?
Where would the amount of water decrease most?
If your pet bird is having trouble flying
Seasons are caused by
If a fox shuffles off the mortal coil, then that fox
A beaver is building a home in a river, and that eventually blocks up the river, giving the beaver a nice home. A side effect of the beaver's new home is
A remote device may be powered by
What shows that animals learn behaviors by watching their parents?
ultraviolet light is found in light from where
As a result of decreased water, what will happen to tree rings?
Vegetables provide a lot of nutrients for
A prickly pear absorbs nutrients from
If electrical current is running
If a wolf is unable to catch prey reliably, the wolf will
what does a barometer do to air pressure
What is an example of reproduction occurring in adulthood?
Because of human logging activities, some animals have to conserve their
Humans are
As I search among classifications, its groupings of materials, and properties, I may be looking for
if a person remotely controls a machine to do something, which of these is required?
Thick feathers can be used for
Disposition is the process of forming what?
A balloon is filled with Helium, and then is opened and pressed up to someone's mouth to make a voice high, why does it do this?
Webbed feet aid in what
The melting point of a duck would be
What shows that the Earth being tilted on its axis causes ones side of the Earth to receive less energy from the Sun than the other side?
If a creature wishes to hunt, which senses would be avoided?
Frogs bury themselves in mud in order to
celestial bodies are known to
Riding a two wheeled human powered vehicle is good for the environment because
If an animal is able to reproduce then
A kid having a preference is something like
Worms are excellent decomposers because
Sickness has the potential to
a compass uses iron to locate the northern
When geese migrate in the late summer or early autumn, they
What is the result of an object reflecting light toward the eye?
Two animals with similar diets living in the same environments leads to them
What does mining change?
A car engine is a source of heat and therefore needs
A ruler is used for measuring the length of what?
Extinction is the term for an organism which..?
A student is studying different aspects of science, and today's area is magnetic properties. The student has a magnet, and is testing which sort of objects the magnet will have an attraction to. The student is surprised that the magnet tugs itself towards
Which is most likely to cause an animal to shiver?
While many habitats support a great variety of life, and deserts are included, many animals
Moving your face further from a mirror
Special tissues in plants transport minerals throughout the plant such as
The wolf raises his family near a
something could get wedged during winter if which of these happens?
What is an example of the sun being directly overhead at noon?
What does gravity cause substances on a planet?
The running of the bulls in mexico is a source of what type of energy for the object?
a lighter object hue can lead to what?
When looking at an eclipse, an important thing to remember is
A small volcano under the sea erupts ever four years. After a few centuries, there will be
Putting a cardboard box in a bin instead of the trash can
Spiders catch their prey with
Which has renewable resources?
Which of these would let the most heat travel through?
The material that makes up iron nails is known as what on the table of elements?
An example of weathering is
Some people put metal tags on their dog's collars, because in darkness, these collars can
What can explain that a body of water is a source of water?
Inanimate things may be pollinators such as
A person's shadow is smallest at what time?
The source of a type of energy we use is a
if a great water traveler took inventory of their tools, which of these would be in it?
What contains seeds
To have a positive impact on the environment
If one mineral can scratch another mineral then that other mineral is softer than that one mineral, as can be tested with
John, who lives in Minnesota, noticed that the time between sunrise and sunset was the shortest it had been for an entire year. The month was most likely to be
if a person gets some fruit wine for a gift, how can they measure its volume?
Absorbing sun rays
What did some ancient societies use to reflect light?
To positively impact the environment
A skill some humans have is
A switch is used to stop the flow of currents which causes Joule heating in
Birds eat nuts, but sometimes they eat
air masses are pushed by westerlies but stopped by
An example of conservation is avoiding
After a long winter's hibernation, a female bear and her two cubs exit their cave and begin to search for food. One place they check is
Which is a complete circuit?
Pressing your appendages against an object can allow one to
if a student needs to travel with their lunch for long distances, which of these would have the freshest meal?
Thermal conduction occurs when
Plants brought to the western United States from the eastern United States often die because of
A tiny spark grows and the result tears through an area of nature and spreads through the mountains, consuming
Near which location would an anteater most likely live?
One of Kangaroo's unusual features are
As the earth orbits the sun
When a person gets hurt physically, the person feels pain because there are
During a sandstorm, a bird looks for a
Roads need repaved in spring because
On a rainy day the clouds are
The moon's surface
I use a knife to chip away at what to make a sculpture
An animal living in an environment lacking in food resources
If plants are going to grow, their seeds need to
A coal mine is what?
If I wanted to get more energy after exerting myself too much
Birds build nests out of things such as
A thermal insulator between a stove and a pan would make the pan get hot
The reason raccoons are often found in dumpsters is because they are known to consume
If you desired to keep your house cooler in the summer months
a cloudy day may obstruct visibility of which of these?
Billy's new puppy had floppy ears. That might be because
Materials like ethanol are used to produce electricity by _____.
Hardness of minerals may be measured in certain ways, such as what?
Water vapor condensing in clouds may cause
At any given time on earth, some countries can be in bed and other are in the middle of the day enjoying the outdoors, why?
An eagle will use their claws to catch which of the following?
A man is burned in an accident on the road, which means that at one point he was
Cooking food requires
Why would some birds have beaks that look a lot different than those of other birds?
High can be visually represented by
To positively affect the environment
What makes the best wiring?
as rainfall increases in an area, electricity will be less and less available for
Stormy weather often leads to
Venus fly traps are poor at creating their own food though photosynthesis because
To help your body repair cells
What item is high in moisture?
A nail can attach to metals after it receives
As leaves turn from green to gold, another change is
Which uses gills to breathe?
An example of a change in the Earth is
Fish move best through water when their fins are?
do ecosystems remain the same?
A good example of increased demand may equal increased production is
At what time would a person feel the most heat outside?
Feeling sweaty is normal on the ocean because
What is an example of protecting the environment?
Beach balls contain
A a switch turns something with batteies on because:
Michigan is the land of the great lakes, where
Mountains exist on a planet next to
Avoiding the use of fossil fuel is an example of
What happens after something dies?
The deforestation can be the cause of what occurrence?
Some animals that detect objects by emitting sound live in
As demand for product lags
Seed dispersal happened when the plant's seeds were
when a person pushes a bike pedal it will make the bike
It changes from winter to spring because of a
Melissa is creating a new product to quench people's thirst. She thinks it will be more popular if it is less flat. She decides to
An electric car causes
A human who goes long periods of time without nourishment will experience
Why should people conserve gas when fueling their cars?
seasons change due to the earth's
A car can be powered by all but
A chipmunk will consume all of these things with just one that it refuses to:
What is an example of the Earth rotating on its axis?
Arctic animals often live on
The moon
What can cause light to bounce off an object?
Which of the following, when plugged into an outlet, completes a circuit?
Our eyes can help us with
in order to better live in its habitat, camels have done one of these
If something is alive, then it requires
People shiver when they are cold and animals:
In a forest without anyone around, a fire may be started by
On a clear day I should
The part of a cell that separates the interior from the outside provides
as Ford lost customers it's earnings
If a substance can absorb solar energy, then what can or will happen to that substance?
A footprint in a rock may have been from
what could it be indicative of, if an animal's fur has grown thicker?
Earth is a similar material as
Pressure is quite high in spaces such as
What do steam and ice have in common?
What would you measure in a graduated cylinder?
After a wildfire, the surviving creatures need to
An incandescent light bulb requires a filament to
A glacier is made of
After extensive logging activity, a forest had less
When the demand for corn rises
If something consumes air, then
Burning natural gas can
Where would a greenhouse best be used?
John's pet frog was sick because it wasn't staying warm enough. Maybe
what creates no pollution?
Tearing an object changes that object's
Which is a solid?
A heavier object
An example of breaking down is
which of these indicate non-living tree?
Which of the following could make more people want to wear masks?
The skeletal system
What are a source of fibers?
The spinal cord contains
Humans cry when they are born, horses can walk when they are born, and birds can chirp when born because of
When cutting down rain forests, it is important to keep in mind air quality. When too many trees are cut down in a given area, there may be decrease in the air's
Which of these items was able to keep things cool thanks to electrical conversion?
How would a location's climate be determined?
How can a woman's compact best help if she is lost on a mountain?
We have respiration in our bodies to
Many animals entered the city because of
What is it termed when a squirrel is inanimate
What can melting glaciers deposit?
The worst place to leave a candy bar is
what can baking soda and vinegar do together?
Cardinals
Coal and oil directly removed from the ground are
Changes to the earth can be done as a result of
adding a direct flame to container of acid causes a
Over a period of years in direct heat and sunlight, a large boulder may be
Deer are less safe in the woods because wolves
An example of a simple machine requiring mechanical energy in order to function would be
Humans go through multiple stages in their life. First is infancy, last is
Which kind of behavior has a fixed action pattern?
If something is a raw material in a process, then that something is
Thermometers
if a person is unable to stand cold weather, which of these should be avoided?
I have a shirt that is now too small, what can I do to conserve and reuse the fabric?
Which organism uses xylem for materials transport?
If I wanted to prevent a blister when running I can
What can be used more than one time?
Viruses are killed by objects used in a
An example of weathering is
How long does it take Earth to fully revolve one time
What is a source of energy for animals?
If a deer is unable to eat regularly, or only eats that which lacks essential minerals, the deer may
What United States unit of measurement would be most comparable to a meter stick
Coyotes notice that their territory begins to get more and more dry. This means that in order to properly hydrate, the coyotes will need to
Flashlights
When a baseball is hit with a bat the ball particles do what?
When it is sleeting outdoors, that is because precipitation
I left a statue outside  away from water for 100 years, when I come back it is significantly smaller, why?
Gasoline is unable to exist without the addition of raw materials such as
A destroyed habitat can lead to
What is an example of runoff?
Peat is made by decaying vegetation compacted by soil in a
A miner is searching for stones and rocks that can be used for other purposes than for building. He wants to be able to find and process something worthwhile, so he looks for rocks with
A higher barometer reading means
A camera can take an image and
Spending less time in the shower
National parks have rules
A
A breeze is blowing across a field, growing stronger and stronger. The breeze becomes a storm of wind, moving rocks and breaking trees. This wind is likely the cause of
How many times per 365.3 days does an equinox occur?
What happens when hexane's temperature goes above 70 degrees celsius?
Which of the following crops was the first staple in the human diet?
An example of how sunlight is a source of light from the sun is
The amount of water in the ocean compared to fifty years ago is
Heat from the sun, waves crashing down, and huge storms all wail on a large boulder at the shore. After a few hundred years, where the boulder stood is now
What kind of insects lays eggs during the adult stage of its life cycle?
Eagles eat
what characterizes a cycle
Organic matter in soil can be increased by
To attract birds to your yard
If a kitten is unable to nurse from birth
Three hundred and sixty five turns of the earth is
How essential is air for animals?
Ripping a paper in half
Breathing is when the lungs convert oxygen from inhaled air into
frozen rainfall falling leaves the northern hemisphere a carpeted
Tsunamis
An example of a mixture is
wildfire occurs when
Which of the following has a population of zero?
The Earth spins around and around, and in order to finish one cycle of this spinning
When I play a violin the strings and create sound through
Measuring is a way to collect data; what is an example of this?
What impact does humans changing animals habits have?
In a decade spring occurs
Some animals are housed
Being stronger has what impact on a creatures health?
Thermal conduction is
New plants sprang up everywhere seeds were taken by
Recycling happens
as dryness increases in an environment, biodiversity
Rubbing calcium on a streak plate
A smack on a wooden board can be heard a mile away
what does a cactus do with water
Bananas, pineapples, and coconuts are from places that are
Some animals build a structure called a house for their own species to live in.  This animal is a
Some animals get caught easily by other animals because they are slow while the predators are
Seeing stars may become more difficult as
If a forest that is home to animals is cut down
The more that cars are driven, the more that
Bears hibernate in winter because
Which of these would absorb more sunlight
Rainbows need
A stopwatch is helpful
The pull of gravity on objects increase as what happens?
A common problem involving waste in the excretory system is
some level of crushing and pressure would be needed for sedimentary rock formation
which of these will lead to a larger population in a given habitat?
Where is December warmest?
whether hot or cold blooded, to survive all animals are required to
There is more rain when the sky is
Decomposition is important for
How is a place of lower elevation affected by flooding when compared to a higher location?
Seeds can be found inside an object often seen on
A producer makes its own what?
Clouds are made up of moisture particles that are held in the sky until
what is a mammal's parenting behavior?
There are very few species of plants and animals in places like the North Pole because the temperatures are always very
The family cooked most of their food using a stove and
Many plant species can only reproduce if the environment includes
Water vapor cooling
if a student locates their pen on the table across the room, which of these happened?
Thick feathers come in handy for birds
What is safest to breathe around?
Bill missed high tide, so he had to wait until when to see it again
The bee provided a valuable service to the
When washing laundry, dishes, or taking a bath, it is vital to have
A desert environment is
Phase changing occurs when
A ramp can move a person to what level?
Altering the physical structure of an object destructively might involve
An area where snow falls more of the year is often
A person takes buckets of water from the house and begins to add it to a pond in the yard. After a certain point, the pond
What is present during the day but not at night?
A deer
Earth's magnetic patterns are helpful
Descending air pressure leads to
Fish are quickly caught in water because of the webbed feet possessed by a
It was hot during Christmas in
A phase change happens
Jim found birds living among
There are creatures which, depending on species, have varying numbers of body parts. Arachnids have a certain number, while humans have a different number, and these numerous parts can be attributed to
if a chemical reaction occurs, it might have been triggered by which of these?
as the year progress from June to November the hours of light per day
Annelids do what to soil?
What shows that crumpling is to change something from being smooth into a compacted shape by physical force?
The past week has been warm, humid and foggy. As the weather is supposed to cool a little bit tomorrow, a reasonable person could assume that tomorrow will be
What forms craters on planets?
When a bear eats berries he will be contributing to what process?
Bats hunt through echolocation because
What could be used to fill a beach ball?
an animal needs to burn complex carbohydrates to
What do predators live near in the same environment?
What causes orbits?
sunlight is a heat source emitted from
A reptile's body temperature
plants gather their nutrients from the
If the mass of an object increases, what must the volume do for the density to stay the same?
If a tree in your backyard rots away for is knocked over by the wind, you can just
A river can push tin cans down the path of the water because
What kind of animal returns to the same beaches each year to give birth?
Something can be classed as hitting if
Heating ice
Where is the sun at noon
Scrubbing a toilet is
Melting of polar icecaps will
if the temperature gauge on a dashboard goes up while vehicle is motion, what could be responsible?
The star that Jupiter revolves around is the source of solar energy called
Certain moths are able to experience incomplete metamorphosis by
Decomposers are important for
Sound can travel through the
Rocket engines can lift rockets because
When we think of bees, we also think of pollen. This is because bees
Over many, many years, the buildup of warmth and pressure can take a dinosaur's remains and change them into something that can
Which is an example of the type of body of water that contains the most water on Earth?
Winter in the Northern Hemisphere means
Despite what some think, instead  around themselves, our planet spins around
If I am feeling faint after a lot of activity I can
A flower may consider its entire point in living to be
Microscopes
If a snow storm is coming you should?
what causes deposition
Humans are able to eat
An animal's brain
Pollution is
The further a ship sails away from a light house
Being able to enjoy eating Mideastern dates in a small town in the USA is possible because
What is an example of predators eating prey?
which one of these would be most nourished?
The doorbell was pushed, but sound failed to emit. What might cause this?
Since June is cold and wet in Australia, it makes sense that at the same time
which of these would you most likely find in a log with a hole in it?
Magnifying makes it easier to see a
Flashlights run on batteries in order to light up. Those use chemical energy, light uses
A person wants to conduct thermal energy through his house, so when deciding on construction materials, he chooses
An example of an instinctive behavior is
Light produced by deep sea animals is used for?
A way to keep a cup of coffee warm is to
Abusive relationships often lead to the abused in
Electricity from a power plant lights up a light bulb in a house because
If a person wants to watch the eclipse
How many lizards live in desert habitats?
evaporation is the first stage in the what cycle
As a source of light moves directly overhead of an object , what happens to it's shadow
If I run my finger across a sheet of plain paper and a sheet of sand paper, which will have greater friction?
A calf that dies will eventually
The creation of gypsum from anhydrite is an example of what?
Who famously explicated the science of dropping something?
The reverse of evaporation in terms of weather phenomena is
Preparing food at the proper temperatures
A new moon can be observed every
While robins refuse to eat much aside from insects, worms and fruit, most birds can make a nice meal out of
A pod of dolphins is swimming while searching for food. The youngest dolphin swims away from the pod and is lost. The rest of the pod searches for the young dolphin by clicking into the water. The young dolphin is found because of
In the desert, the cactus is a rare source of
Renewable resources are
The ceiling of the cave grew closer to the ground due to:
Do all organisms reproduce uniformly?
which one of these could eventually facilitate an intoxicating drink?
Seeds that stick in the fur of an animal
To warm yourself up on a chilly day
The creation of sediment is produced by
A big cat looks for prey
Lamps that convert electricity into light and heat are known as
What former planet is yet to clear its orbit?
If a cat is given cyanide, it will
The more miles that you can get out of a gallon of gasoline, what happens?
A magnifying glass would be useless in viewing?
Seasonal changes happens
Where does an object feel the least pressure?
The population of rabbits in an area increases. That could have been caused by
Humans are like monkeys in a lot of ways, besides sharing a lot of the same DNA, their babies are birthed
Environments like the rain forest have such an abundance of flowers and plants due to the amount of what, which is needed for vegetation to thrive?
To aid in keeping your outdoor animals warm in the winter
A deer eats lots of grass, but the deer is unable to create more food for itself, because in the food chain, the deer is unable to be
which of these would most likely cause a car to lose control?
Potential energy changes to kinetic energy when using a
Many families survive the winter thanks to
Inside of a fruit is
A weed will only live in the
Taking it out into the sun can
if something moves faster than before, it might have been affected by what?
A boy smacks another child in the face. The child cries because
Sunlight can
One of the earth's layer's is it's crust. It can be found
Soil quality is improved when
To be environmentally friendly
A car is stuck in a ditch, and requires the passengers of the vehicle to get out and push it back onto the road. Two of the three passengers push the car, and they struggle to gain any ground, but when the third passenger helps them
In the desert at night, most animals that live there find that they require less
For it to survive, the horse relied on its owner to bring it
organic life requires certain things to grow such as
Which might you find in a zoo?
A pack of wolves eat the sheep before a grizzly bear can get to them, what have the wolves done to the bear?
What rock is likely to be more mechanically weathered?
What is an example of humans building houses in a ecosystem and causing change in the environment as a result?
After a long time, a paw print may end up
Muscles pull on bones in order to move them; which is an example of that?
Which would a carnivore eat?
You can see further from which of these locations on the moon?
Plants derive what from soil?
What shows that as the amount of food an animal eats decreases , that organism will become thinner?
An attraction may be magnetic if
What best describes the relationship with the moon, Earth, and the sun?
Why would a plant not do well indoors?
The moon orbits an object that orbits the
Liquids
Which changes the environment?
The moon is absent of
How many revolutions does the moon make around the Earth during spring?
If a building suddenly collapses inward, the people working inside will likely
What sense is associated with an animal's ingestion?
if a person eats a fruit, it is possible it was once which of these?
Ethyl alcohol can be made by distilling and fermenting simple sugars from
If a cow is offered a choice, it will turn down
When the availability of food sources increase in an environment, what will also increase?
I can use a Punnett Square to determine if
Playing music at a certain frequency may
When the pie came out of the oven is had more
Tiny particles of moisture may be found
What is a greenhouse?
Precipitation is when hail fall from clouds to the ground, and so is
The best way to start a fire is to use
When it's summer in the USA it's winter
Wind is a resource that
A seismometer can note how earthquakes are
Which is most likely a pollinating animal?
What do herbivores eat
Deserts are generally
A stage in the life cycle process includes what aspect?
chlorophyll
Gills allow
The purpose of bird feathers, especially down, is to
How do Remora get their food?
The planet that contains many ecosystems is sequentially _________ from the center of its solar system
To aid in increasing the population of an organism in an environment
A balance can measure the weight of
Which causes more matter vibration?
the sun makes rounds around this planet
Survival of an organism is positively impacted by
what do the contents of electromagnets resemble?
What does a seed contain stored food for?
Standing in a canyon and yelling your name
Increasing the amount of heat can be done by
A locations climate is what in the area?
Greenhouses work because
cooking a meal will lead to a transfer of energy into that meal?
A storm moving over the earth will dump more rain on a
After a long, hard workout, many professionals will help their body to heal by consuming
can a kid with a new binoculars see a friend standing in a distance better or worse?
Summer is the season where
After the chickens were let into the field, the population of worms
A predator such as a wolf will show such a distinction by
Over the years, the desert rat has evolved traits that help it live with low supplies of water, what is this an example of?
Humans grow thinner when they
Taking temperature is basically when
Conservation is
The strength of a hurricane will increase
An animal needs what for for growing and repairing?
What quickly changes the Earth's surface?
Sea anemones
When a new suburb was built there was less room for what?
if a person wanted some mineral graphite, where might they likely find some?
which of these would help a person walk through a dark basement?
Genes are a vehicle that can pass
The dispersal of what has a positive impact on plants?
Being a nonrenewable resource means coal
An electrical conductor is needed to
The instance of which of the following colliding and causing death is considered to happen?
The molten rock under the surface is called magma and once is appears on what area is it called lava?
Twenty four hours are
A person needs to find a way to shore while on a raft. Another person tells the first person which direction to go in order to safely reach land, so the person directing is
An example of instinctive behavior is
Sending electricity through what causes electric current to flow through it?
When a frog is born, it has tiny gills so that it can breathe underwater, even though in adulthood it will
A komodo dragon's body temperature would be highest if immersed in
I can use a microscope to
what does lighting it cause a candle?
The earth revolves around
heat and pressure change the remains of what into natural gas?
the inability of a once breathing organism to function can be described as?
which one of these activities can lead to animal gathering seeds
Which would an alligator eat
Who's health does illness impact?
A herd of deer may be forced to search for a new home if
Thirteen times a year, roughly, the moon
While deer may be found in many varied locations, they mostly make their home
An animal can use what to help find a partner
Where could you find organic matter?
Competition is fierce among lions
Algae perform photosynthesis and so they are like to be found where in a body of water?
Meadow voles consume
How can it be shown that an electrical conductor is a vehicle for the flow of electricity?
Sandbars are a part of most seas because there are
Which is needed for photosynthesis to occur
When trees are harvested, the trees
A cop can tell that a car is speeding because it is
A herd of wild horses has been decreasing in size rapidly. Which of these might be the cause?
how come a person can blow into a balloon and use the same air to fill a soccer ball?
A product of what can travel through a vacuum?
What needs measurements taken in the morning and evening?
A field is experiencing above average rainfall and food is plentiful, so the rabbits living there will
a wren building a home is an example of what type of behavior
Phloem
Rain pours on a road for a night, then freezes in the morning, so what happens to the road?
Why do zebras choose to live where they live?
which of these can alter its appearance naturally to evade being captured?
School children often play a musical instrument by
Adding force to a moving train will:
What can be produced when electrical energy is provided to a blown piece of glass with a wire inside?
Given that animals are generally unfriendly with humans and would prefer their own space, which of these creatures is an anomaly?
How can things that are very tall have things lifted up them?
A person will need to eat fruits and vegetables in order to have a healthy life and body, so other humans must
What would be easier to burn?
Why animal may use a rock as shelter
if a predator wanted to catch its meal undetected, which method would be effective?
Arctic foxes are white in order to
Millilters mL is a unit generally used for values between 1 and 1000 to measure
The slight angle of the axis of the human planet is responsible for the energy allotment that is received by what?
What can cause a process that has a negative effect on the environment?
A parrot has been eating a lot of fattening food. This could lead to
We can help a plant by
The floating arrow on a compass always points away from the
The sun causes what to happen to water at a more rapid pace when heat is added?
There are several stages in the way that water cycles, and all are accurate aside from
Squirrels stay busy in the autumn
A fox that has white fur
Flowers with more pollinators
What is an example of hunting?
Needing to use an umbrella could be the result of
After a period of discomfort, weight gain, and sharing the body with a growing parasite, a female creature will have
Books can be made out of
A horse is kicked out of the barn on a hot summer's day, because the stalls need mucked, and the workers have difficulty cleaning around the horses. So the horse is standing in the field, in direct sunlight, and begins to overheat a bit. In order to stand the heat better, the horse
braille is read by using your fingers to
a plant needs this to survive
How many seasons occur in the span of three years
A desert environment can support
Pelicans have an affinity for
An example of hunting is an otter cracking open clams with a rock, another is
A child has a basket of chocolate eggs for breakfast and as a result
Communities contain
What is most like a mirror?
35 percent of what depends on pollination?
A household appliance prepares food using electrical energy and
A waste product of human respiration
Two females usually can produce
Things that are shiny can reflect light, so all of these will aside from
95% of the world's H2O is found in the
Soil is an example of what type of resource for growing plants?
Toasting bread makes it
The moon reflects sunlight to arrive at
A pond can be a community because
Human astronauts have visited
If I were recreating water going in and out, I would need to make sure
A boy is standing in the bathroom brushing his teeth, but the lights are off in the bathroom. However, his room is next to the bathroom and his bedroom light is on. The bathroom is still bright, because the mirror reflects
Why is acid rain unhealthy?
powered on lightbulbs burst with cold water because they
What can build something over millions of years?
Flashlights require batteries
If a car is stuck and people need to move it
an animal is controlled by a
What requires nutrients to grow and heal?
A thermal conductor is made of
Invasive plants in an ecosystem often lead to
Where does a lightbulb send electricity to generate heat?
As water gets warmer
An example of thermal conductivity is
running turns carbohydrates into
Miletinae in the air above will have gone through a transmutation and would have already gone through what pre imago but post egg stage ?
I need electrical energy to
Producers provide an ecosystem with
What is a unit for measuring heat energy?
What has a positive impact on body strength?
A radiator is something that can
What is least likely to exchange damage from heat with it's surroundings?
In order to assemble a bike, the following are needed with exception of?
When we made some confetti it differed from the original sheets of paper in
How many odorant receptors do honey bees have?
what makes food cooking possible?
A landfill
The cultivation of a range of crop types in a specific order has a positive impact on
A car drives right past the gas station because it's motor is
What does a squirrel not eat?
When you come across an animal that passed away, it sometimes smells awful because it died recently and has begun to what?
Magnetism
A resource from nature are
Droughts can cause
A refrigerator
where do arctic animals reside?
When a plant is watered, spraying water on leaves is less useful than
A pet with flippers is sometimes kept in a
Water evaporates less
The condor screamed in pain as its wing was singed by the
The water treatment plant boiled all the water that came to them for what reason?
the earth's population could face severe depletion if which of these stopped happening?
What does electrical energy become when a light bulb is turned on?
Switches can be used to cease electronic energy flow, such as when
Crickets live in forests in
What will receive more sunlight?
a full moon will block which of these
A leaf absorbs sunlight to perform photosynthesis until
How does refraction affect the look of things
Birds feed their babies by
When the ground shakes, this will make
Which changes an object's shape and mass?
Plants may use leaves, especially waxy ones, in order to
Death
Flashlights
The Earth receives heat from:
The mass of ground sliding down an embankment can be propagated by what?
A creek flows slowly, and the water runs very gently, yet if a leaf tumbles into it
What tool would be most helpful in aiding indoor plants in photosynthesis
That which is alive is made of cells such as
Nutrients in soil
You couldn't discover the shape of an object if you had
How many ecosystems does the earth contain?
What could be put on a wall so that a neighbor stops complaining about your guitar playing at night?
Thicker objects have stronger resistance, as evidenced by
Molecules are known for having a
what kinds of things grow
which of these will attract a magnet in a student's pocket?
The hamster was malnourished because
The skeletal system protects
A knife refuses to stick to a blanket due to
when light hits a reflective object , that light
an example of converting potential energy to kinetic energy is
An example of refraction is
In what way are valleys formed?
It would be unexpected to see a mouse with
A dog that has a very thick tail, that mates with another dog with a thick tail, has a strong likelihood of creating a litter of
The changing of night to day occur
Some bacteria are beneficial and some bacteria
A ship navigates with a magnetic compass because it is
A hot liquid would be
What is an example that ecosystems are an interconnected world?
if a student needed to warm up, which of these would help?
What is a thermometer used to measure?
A compass would be useful to
Buying permanent things instead of disposable things is
Removing the tree an owl makes it's home in
A thing's position is altered when
If a rub two rocks together after awhile they will start to
How can we see that refracting sunlight causes light to split into different colors?
What is most likely to occur before a rainstorm?
what can be found where photosynthesis takes place?
which of these does a spinning motion?
What does an animal require to survive?
When eagles are hunting in a field, some of their nutrients come from
Nighttime in the desert may cause animals to
What has a positive net impact on an environment?
Decomposition
An animal needs another animal to
An animal usually weighs the most if it has eaten
Which of these is lacks molecules?
What causes rock layers to fold on top of each other?
Plant cells can't perform photosynthesis
An example of a mixture is
Do objects change size with distance for Stevie Wonder?
Which life form is most likely to have changed its position?
Which of the following are found in woodlands?
What might a blind person likely use to what sandpaper is?
In order to make a spiral notebook, it is imperative to use
One full rotation on Earth's axis takes
What is pulling your finger over a guitar string an example of?
Organisms with only one cell
Mammals are one of a few animals that's core temp
A ficus can help respiration because it:
Someone is driving at night. The day was warm, but now the night is cool, and there is a lot of mist that is difficult to see through. The mist is prevalent because
How can you safely look at a solar eclipse?
a learned characteristic is a
A young boy is reprimanded by his mother for sleeping with his heavy blankets over his head. His mother is worried that if the boy continues to sleep like that, he will suffocate. This is because
Carbonic acid dissolves what to form caverns?
When two decorative items for a refrigerator are placed back to back,
Which is the source of a nonrenewable resource?
Seed dispersal
What do some animals do to adjust to hot temperatures?
The celestial object closest to Earth is
Bugs are sometimes eaten by
When a microscope magnifies, it is
The property of fur that is a result of the way that it reflects or emits light is
What body covering does the animal that clucks have?
What location that had a disaster in 2017 was caused by heavy rains?
Something that died millions of years ago can still be relevant
Decomposition results in the production of which element?
At high elevations, there is little risk of flooding, but at low elevations, what will happen?
A boy is lost in a heavily forested area, and the only help he has is a small compass. He knows that his house is to the south of him, but in the direction he is facing, the arrow on the compass is showing that he is currently walking due north. Therefore, the boy
if you see little wet spots on your windshield, what might have happened?
A kangaroo can have multiple babies at various stages of life at the same time. These joeys can show remarkable instincts, in that they
Tungsten is a metal which is found in large amounts in filaments, which are used in incandescent light bulbs. These light bulbs work because
When the digestive system is working
A dog can learn how to do something that it is taught to do, called learned behavior, such as
Using a menstrual cup instead of pads or tampons can help avoid
To prevent electric shock
What can can cause more harm then good when used?
If you fly from Europe to Australia in December, when you arrive you will most likely want to wear:
Water can be boiled in a pot over a
The easiest thing to break is
If you scrape an object, small pieces or particles may break off of the object; what's an example of this?
If John wants to save a little every month, what can he do to help with his water bill?
A hurricane is growing on the east coast, and it's coming off of the ocean, as they do. By the time the hurricane hits the east coast, it will have built up quite a bit, and this is because of
Bears dine on the some of the same things as
The air was cold, so all night the sheep kept
if a person smashes an object, and it cracks, is that good or bad?
What substance covers more than sixty nine percent of the third rock from the sun?
When the acid spilled on the plant, the plant began to
The teacher at the front of the classroom was reading from a laptop.  For a student in the middle of the class, the teacher's laptop looked larger than
A herd of cattle is slowly making its way through a large field. The shepherd realizes that he forgot to bring grain for the cattle, yet the cattle will survive just fine in the field, because
An example of how melting is achieved is seen in
If a head is exceptionally round
What action does sweat take once it forms?
On a cloudy day
If the trees in an area are growing in soil rich with a certain vitamin, what might happen?
When a sound is produced inside a room, sometimes there is a
Some birds find locations with
Freezing point refers to:
A girl wants to help to protect the environment, so she decides to
storms can do what to seeds via high altitudes
Glacier melt
What is a renewable resource?
Pulse rate increases
the earth's tilt controls the
A person wants to use raw materials to make things. Considering the want to create with raw materials, the person
Generally, electricity cannot flow through
A screw will increase in temperature when set in the sun's path, why?
Sleet is made out of water that is
Replacing a natural resource can be
Humans contribute to environmental pollution
Light that can burn skin is produced by a
Which is a source of raw materials?
The most daylight is two months after
What separates animals that thrive and those that go extinct are
Energy may be transferred to an object without being plugged in, such as with
Ice wedging can be explained by pointing to
What could a person eat to avoid starvation?
A bird is about to lay an egg, so it needs to construct a safe, round place to place the egg in. The bird constructs using
Birds go south to look for
When a predator population decreases in an environment, what happens to other populations?
A television may turn on at the push of a button because
the arctic area is full of
What is a way to be born besides live birth?
if a man's new car can be charged at a charging station, what is this termed?
If an environment experiences a long drought
a student notices a large number of hawks in the playground, what will likely happen to the lizards?
When a plant is water the liquid goes from the soil area to where it is needed using what system?
A paper clip is often made of
how much time does it take the third planet from the sun to make a full turn?
A moth can metamorphosize when
If something breathes, it
Which of the following can be found on the moon?
When sugar is added to water, it blends in such as in which drink?
Tectonic plates move along
During the time the moon orbits the Earth 13 times the Earth orbits the sun
During an earthquake, piles of earth can
A long time ago, the Grand Canyon was
In southern Africa we are more likely to see snow in
A baby wants to move a ball, so it looks at the ball and it refuses to move. The baby takes its hand and touches the ball and
how many hours will it take the planet to complete a spinning motion?
Taking shorter hot showers
What might a person use if a transformer blows at 11 pm?
Where would you most likely find iron?
A skill, or learned characteristic is
What might happen if too much heat is transferred to an object?
which of these is an accurate scenario?
Which animal sometimes needs to move quickly for food?
which of these could be measured in mL?
If Paul is playing basketball and finds that his skin is becoming wet and smelly, it might be because
In which situation might most rescues be conducted via air?
Sedimentary rock is where you'll find most
Mirrors reflect light because for light to travel through the material of which the mirror is made makes it
Where would you most likely find a full-grown Thorius adelos?
When it gets dark the earliest in California it is
Producers in the food chain
magnifying glass is used to
What would be an example of migration?
A pulley is used to lift what on a flagpole?
When doing experiments
if a person rips up their notebook, what happens?
Deep sea animals like giant squid live
Paleontologists study
To avoid predators what is a good survival strategy?
Which object is likely to be a thermal conductor?
As the wind is blowing on the back of a car with a strong gust, the car will
The way that the earth rotates and moves through space can effect how
The rhino population is smaller than before because
If a person wants to decrease their risk of experiencing flooding
A splash in the pool caused the water to move
when the mercury in a thermometer goes up, what does it indicate?
speed is a measure of how fast all these move but
How many times does an equinox occur in the first half of the year
A group of bunnies move into a field and start to have litters of kits, and soon rabbits are all over the field, so the foxes that live six miles away
A man is filling up his tank at the gas station, then goes inside and pays. When he comes back out, his truck is being stolen! He chases the truck as the thief pulls away in it and begins to speed off. Though the truck was huge, right in front of him a moment ago, as the truck accelerates and the man struggles to keep up, the truck
A piece of paper is a different shape when it
There are some decorative fruits used for holidays where the outside is carved, such as large orange ones. The insides of these fruits, similar to gourds, most commonly
In order to conserve energy and eat less through winter, what kind of animal or insect hibernates?
A disperser is able to
herbivores do what with plants
A white bear lives in a place that is
As a liquid's temperatures get hotter
What does a seismograph measure?
which of these would result in reversal of desertification?
Where would you hear sound reflecting off surfaces?
What temperature is most likely to result in sweat?
when a tadpole changes into a frog, the tadpole is like
Shedding is when an animal?
What will become magnetic in an electromagnet if the battery becomes active?
Plants require
A woman wants to make sure that she can physically look back over memories of a day, as they progress, whenever she wants, so she
An animal that may like a banana peel is a
A way in which sound may be heard is
To survive some moths have developed
which of these students will see the teacher larger?
Lions eat animals
Cutting down a tree
Where do soil nutrients also exist?
what role does some plankton have that is similar to farmer in ohio?
Which of the following might use Chia to fuel it?
Events like thunderstorms and _______ can cause animals to leave an environment.
A plant performs less photosynthesis in
A landslide has
If a climate becomes colder over time
Earlier in their lives many amphibians ate
Fossil fuels
Consuming a hot liquid can
My dad gave me
Snowfall takes place during the winter in what area?
Which location does not get snow in the winter?
There are nutrients in dirt, like magnesium, and those nutrients may be
If you plug this into an outlet, current will flow through it.
If you viewed an eclipse from the moon
in order for utility of a tool to occur, what has to happen first?
A bird eating a lizard is an example of what type of relationship?
Trees grow growth-rings one time each year; so which of these is correct?
To survive living things
Which cannot be an example of crop rotation?
of one misses the surf tide in the morning, will they get another chance?
if you push something harder, it will
which one of these students can accurately determine the color of the board marker?
What do some animals use to adapt to hot temperatures?
What is an example of combining
Pushing on a pedal is an example of
Electrical conduction would be when a voltage flows through
Which example best shows the effect of vibration on matter?
When broken down, what happens to an object's shape and mass
Leaves are the part of a plant with the most a type of
Which location gets the most sunlight?
When animals need to recharge, they are unable to use electricity, and therefore
What is an example of wiring requiring an electrical conductor?
Leaving coconut oil out on a counter, as the day grows hotter, what happens to the oil?
When a water balloon is frozen, it will contain
Where might you find eggs?
What is more likely to have caused pollution in the air?
A sunburn is most likely to happen after hiking in a
A lever is used to move objects that are
A boy might have brown hair due to
A specific plant is found
What does girth in a flower do?
if a bad wiring affected a living room floor, which of these would be safest to climb?
What is an example of the fact that crop rotation renews the soil?
When the old man was much younger, he still had
The Appalachians reach amazing heights because of how stone
An animal can do some essential things without being taught or ever seeing it done
A bear's blubber
What would burn more quickly?
If it starts raining acid rain you should
An indian hawthorn that has received more water will usually be
Grey clouds are a source of
Which traits could be pass along using reproduction and genetic material?
Some lizards can live in
What are sources of shelter for small animals?
An example of a reusable product is
Moving heavy objects
Which rock is a fingernail harder than?
The back and forth on daily routine in the sky happens how often?
What is an example of if an organism becomes too hot then that organism may die?
Water, while a finite resource, is renewable because
Flowers start die when
which of these apply to the values of matter vibration and sound given off?
The mantle is a layer of the Earth; what is something other than a layer?
What is larger then the human planet and causes cycles of day and night?
High carbon steel contains
Berries
Which of the following would be part of the water cycle?
What is animal competition?
do all insects have to undergo every stage of change before becoming full grown?
An example of a circuit would be
What would be an example of a force acting on an object in the opposite direction that the object is moving, which would cause the object's speed to decrease in a forward motion?
When something is condensed
The supply of natural gas
Which of these animals might eat a steak?
A good reason for humans to feel little fear for wild wolves is that
which of these places would most likely sustain a growing plant?
What is decomposed in decomposition?
The shape of a hummingbird's beak is an adaptation for
What eat other animals?
A lot of animals would avoid
You can find ferrous metals in
After exiting the gym, the man's heart rate was most likely?
Peddling a bicycle can be accomplished by
if two things seemingly come closer together without a person interfering, which of these is likely?
If a bird is green, another bird can realize that by
Sound can be used for communication by
A woman visits the same beach year after year, and begins to notice a change to a large wall of stone. Where the water touches the rock, she notices that the rock shows signs of being dissolved. After two year, there is an indent in the rock. After fifty years, the woman discovers that the rock
In a year there is a complete revolution around a
Which action may be seen an action that benefits the environment
What does the digestive system break down into simple substances?
Gravity effects water most when it is
Newer hybrid cars will have what effect on the gas usage in the world over time?
A compass
A person is cooled by a liquid coming from the
condensation is a stage in the water cycle process when
An animal usually requires a warm body temperature for survival, such as
A rainy environment results in
Winter in the northern hemisphere is occurring on
What kind of organisms decay?
What shows that as the size of a flower increases , the number of pollinators it will attract increases?
Maps may be redrawn because of
Chemical reactions can be the cause of new formations of which?
What is one use of a spider's web?
the earth is the source of
Which item can help someone who is trying to conserve?
The moon
This material was less of a thermal conductor
A vehicle stops when brakes are pressed because
Which of these is usually green in color?
California experiences heavy earthquake activity due to
The northern hemisphere experiences winter
When dirt has eroded, it takes on this pattern
What causes objects that have mass to be pulled down?
What is an example of endangered?
Some animals are aided in finding food sources by
If the leaves are removed from an oak tree, that can cause the tree to
Using rubber gloves when working on electronics can
The amount of transpiration is lower in
As the size of a flower increases
What harmful phenomenon can cause atmospheric warming?
What should I do to remain healthy
A person hits two drumsticks together and
A person wants to add some dill to their burger for dinner, so they would get it from
Large trees block sunlight from reaching what?
A deer may be hungry and malnourished. In order to rectify this, the deer may
Some pupa may
What can be formed by damming a river?
An example of a fossil is the bones of what kind of animal?
What are formed by natural geological processes?
what kind of changes in an environment will cause a plant to adapt to survive?
A person in the woods who accidentally runs into a wild wolf will have little to fear because
Large Stag that are hunted prefer to live in the
The chillier time of the year below the equator occurs while above the equator is
torrential downpours can cause the side of a hill to become
An iron horseshoe with red stripes is held over a paperclip and
Electricity is able to flow through a circuit after it is...?
A polar bear has thick wooly fur so that he may
A system of tubes that relocates water and nutrients around in order to make most use of them can be found in
If someone hears a crunching sound while walking under a tree, which of these likely happened?
Bumble Bees like to do what in the winter
Thee dominant trait will always be visible when
One example of avoiding waste when grocery shopping is to bring your own
A stone is weathered into sand in about
Pushing an object requires what?
What are nutrients a source of energy for?
Bats use the organs on the side of their heads to
A person fills their tank with fossil fuels, and knows that in one hundred years
If someone released a pollutant into the world, it would be all aside from
Hummingbirds gather nectar using their
At a campsite one night we all gather round a fire to roast marshmallows; this is an example of
What can genes do?
A team has pizza after a game, and they eat most of it, but leave the rest of the pizza out. The pizza is later inedible because of
How might you figure out what a parts are needed to let your car drive?
You may use a tree to
A source of heat could be
What contains nutrients for plants?
Light has the inability to shine through what?
A mighty river flows through an area for millennia. Afterwards, it can be noted that where there once were shallow rivers, there are now
Taking a chicken leg from a deep freezer and placing it on a kitchen counter will
A ball rolling over carpet will go ______ than a ball rolling over concrete.
Just like with humans, if another organism consumes more calories than it burns off, it will inevitably
Why did the roadrunner cross the desert road?
When you exit a dark film theater, the world
A puppy may be taken away from people if they
A person discovers a dinosaur skeleton in their backyard under a lot of dirt. The skeleton is lacking the bright whiteness of bones, because it is
It becomes cold enough for heavy clothing in December in the northern hemisphere because
a switch turns something with a power source on because:
Jamaican natives have a dark skin tone do to
A lone fox is searching for its next meal in a meadow that used to be bountiful with food. This season, though, rabbits have all been eaten up and the field is dry and barren. The fox may
A lion is hunting antelope. The antelope are fast, faster than the lion expected. To eat today, the lion needs
As the air becomes more arid it contains
A person has sand in their shoe from the beach, and they dump the sand out at their doorstep many miles away. The sand could end up back on that beach if
If a tree falls in the forest, then gets covered in mud, it might form :
Camouflage is used by entities for hunting
If a tree is separated from it's roots it will
Some human activities may create brackish like
To see an example of xylem in work
What makes sure that the tips of your toes have enough of the gas that plants put off?
The production of lightbulbs effects the
A quick way to adjust the formation of portions of the crust of the earth is for it to
H2O allows for the conduction of
seeds may grow when
What will be more available in an area when rain is common?
The Earth's topography varies widely from the deepest trenches to the tallest
Gills are used to breath water by what?
Which weight has the most resistance when being picked up?
Because it's less dense, water floats on top of
If an organism dies what happens to that organisms population?
On a morning when the weather is clear, the sky is
Imagine a huge rabies epidemic, where all the cats in the world died, which species would over run the earth?
A cat finds it easiest to get a grip when climbing up
Miles above the equator, people from several faiths celebrate holidays in
A person needs to move a boulder from a crevice to a bluff. The person employs the use of
The earth has continents that experience different things at different times, depending on where on Earth's axis it is, such as
A mole can avoid being detected by hawks, owls and other predators by
Factories often add something to the environment that is
As the amount of water a plant receives increases what will usually happen with it?
The diaphragms in the microphone and speaker convert sound energy into
The moon looks different in different parts of
If the earth were small enough to put on a plate and serve up for dinner, the being eating it would get mouthfuls of
transpiration happens in the leaves of what?
A person wants to show that they have lost money with their business, and they want to show someone. They decide to use a graph that shows
A fan pushes air with
People eating meals or snacks containing substances are further processed in the
If you're in the North Pole the North Star may be visible when?
How does darkness impact photosynthesis?
Birds give birth to their babies while still in an egg. Mammals, however, give birth to their babies
what affects an organisms acquired characteristics?
sunlight produces
A field is tilled and soil is filled with nutrients after years of
Every single bit of growth and life on earth is connected to the power of
A lady needs to be able to confirm what very small text reads on her pill bottle, so a ______ is necessary.
A telescope is used to observe what?
Deposition is caused by what?
A quiet desert town will see more _____ than a big city will.
As a body of waters surface area increases what else will increase?
photosynthesis makes food for the plant by converting carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight into what?
All living things are made of parts that contain a
As ipod sale plummet apple reports major
a force acting on an object in the opposite direction that the object is moving can cause that object 's speed to decrease in what motion?
if liquid is changing its state to gas then that liquid is
A pulley is used to do what with objects?
A place you would want to avoid that is prone to Earthquakes would be
A person using a compass can find their way when they are lost
A puppy is sitting in a yard and is at the door, asking to come in. A person looks out the door and sees the pup tremble, so the person can tell that
Earth orbiting what causes seasons to change?
A person puts liquid matter in a glass and it
A person pours water into a cylinder in order to
studying a soil sample means studying the microorganisms in the
Sharks live in a liquid deluged with sodium chloride because it allows them to
Tearing an object changes its what?
Flowers provide substance for many animals like
A person with a vitamin D deficiency who is allergic to sunlight could
the ring of fire is made up of
A greenhouse is used to protect plants from what?
What animal is cold-blooded?
Silver nitrate on hardened silicon will force light to
Cans can be taken to a place known as
One way humans may be polluting the Earth is
A person wanting to protect humans from electrocution through wire contact would wrap the wire in
Carnivores devour omnivores which eat
A storm rolls in and the skies are filled with dark clouds which
Electrical conduction may occur when
A field of flowers has pollen filled flowers. The most likely thing to do the seed spread would be
Alternative fuel is usually a renewable what?
Which of these use a womb instead of eggs for fetal development?
Sleet is
Processes in the food chain begin with
A car converts gasoline into motion and heat through what?
A crane starts off weighing thirty pounds, then later weighs twenty pounds. When travelling, the crane will fly
A learned behavior is exhibited when a human displays that they can:
Dogs reproduce differently from
A light bulb will be lit up if it is all aside from
A river rushes and pebbles are smacked around one another until
A switch turns something on because:
Limestone is formed by water evaporating from a solution of water and mineral and a hard sedimentary rock used as building material and for making
A person who wants to eat a watermelon may consider spitting out its
A boy wants to feed a gecko so he gives it
in order for an animal to stay healthy it needs to
when fuel efficiency increases, gasoline use in cars will
To see evaporation you can wrap
A tortoise died many years ago, but it is easy to tell that what was left behind was from a tortoise because in the rock there are
Examples of hypothesis is
The circulatory system brings oxygen to the body from where?
In a contest to see which would win based on size and weight, the winner with more of both would be
A renewable resource you can find on Earth is
Shortly after the moon is in ecliptical longitude with the Sun, one will see
A person in space will find a lack of something to drink if they land on
Chlorophyll is good for allowing plants to absorb energy and
A man is at the beach and is napping in the sun. He falls into a deep sleep and forgets to wake up. After hours of this, he
A computer needs what to be functional
Places lacking warmth have few what
Several animals flourish in cold temperatures like
If an environment experiences harsh climates
A small creek becomes a rushing river after years of heavy rains in a particular location. In addition to the larger water source, there are also greater
Knowing what to do without ever being taught is known as
An observer on Jupiter would encounter localized periods of
when the needle of a compass lines up with Earth 's magnetic poles , the needle is
A penguin, while a bird, would avoid living in
Echo is when sound reflects off of what?
In order to see water evaporate you could
If an object is close then how will that object appear?
Leaving remain oil supplies alone is a form of
A bicycle may be used for
A person may celebrate an equinox
A person cuts down their neighbor's tree without permission. The neighbor who lost the tree is upset, and sues for the cost of the tree, which depends on the age of the tree at the time of cutting. The tree age is determined by
What decreases in an environment as the amount of rain increases?
The pressure in air drops very low, so clouds
People can touch something to see if it's
The Earth's primary source of both light and heat is
The level of atom activity where it reaches a moment where the solid state becomes more loose overall is referred to?
When certain things are shoved together enough, the earth will tremble and shake because of these
Aerial maps represent what feature using dark green?
As the flower size increases, what will it attract more of?
What color is a stick bug?
An example of a true combination of mixed substances is
Which of the following will help my non-electric lawnmower run?
An acquired characteristic is
What would potentially be attracted to a magnet?
Large metropolises can have a huge bedbug
Fibrous tissue contracts to
A seismometer will be able to tell someone
A lack of water has a direct connection on the amount of available
Weather is getting a little more chilly, so a flock makes their way
An example of an acquired characteristic is
Which is an inherited characteristic?
Foggy days are said to be
Jerry put some salt into some tap water and stirred it up. What has Jerry made?
Some fruits are berries and have _____ visible on the outside, but others have them on the inside
A new island springs up out of the ocean after only a couple of years of
Which of these objects could combust
When a light switch is turned on
What can be found on the lunar surface and has been there for thousands or millions of years?
What does an object need to reflect towards the eye to be seen?
A rock is boring, so a person wants to make it look different. A person could have it weathered by
Slamming the breaks in a car will
A person owns thousands of acres of land and would like to do something great for the environment, so he
If one mineral can scratch another then the scratched mineral is what?
Tidal motion can be used to
The circulatory system is so long it
A pile of mulch is broken down and when searching for the culprit, a gardener notes
A person is in the forest, lost. They need to signal to others that they are there, and their voice is gone, so they need to do it inaudibly. The person may signal with
A person is celebrating a new baby and family is happily celebrating as well. The family is glad that the person who had the baby is
Which animal produces more eggs
When an object moves, how will its kinetic energy be affected?
A bucket of hot water has steam rolling off of it. The steam collects on the sides of the bucket and
We can thank the sloth and its feces for giving us
What is the most sensible reason why a stove is often just white?
A light can be turned on if the
A clean air act must be followed by a
A rod that is wobbling from being struck with a stick will
Why might you want to wear safety goggles while working in a lab?
A goose needs to move to warmer states for the winter. Leaving its summer home, it heads out without a map, because it can always find the right way by using
If I wanted to get energy what could I do?
giant walls of froze H2O carved out
The Earth may lose a million parts of energy each day but
Mice live in holes where?
Just below the Earth's crust is something that sounds like it should be over a
A student waiting for class to be over, in the last minute until the bell rings
Locusts historically always affect crops
A farmer's potato crop all dies and is gone to waste. The farmer looks in the field closely and can tell that the crops were destroyed by
A chemical change is likely to happen in which body part?
An organism passes from the world and so it
A toad would have better hiding places
Sand dunes are made of
The moon's surface
Where would you be most likely to observe the most diverse of all marine ecosystems?
What can perform photosynthesis?
what sheds fur in warm weather?
the moon rising occurs
A shuttle quest to Earth's light source would take lots of
Flora requires chlorophyll to
A pond is in the middle of a back yard. There are heavy rains and the pond swells and floods. The pond now  _______ of the yard.
A creature that sometimes attaches to sharks is
A blue colored item will only reflect
Above a stove, where a pot of water boils, is a hood. The steam from the pot rises to the hood and
a carpenter ant requires energy for
A simple pulley example could be
A large body of salty water drying up is responsible for the creation of the
A squirrel eats all of the acorns in a tree. The tree is empty, and the squirrel is still hungry, so
One way humans cause pollution
How does erosion impact a river?
Which activity involves exerting force on an object with a foot?
A person wants to play with a beach ball at the beach so they fill it with
Desert lizards may sometimes appear as
Twenty four hours contains one
One way new land can be formed is by
If it's been twelve weeks since you put on shorts, and you notice today the hours of light and dark are just about equal, how long will it be until Winter?
If an organism is a living thing, it will always
Which place are we likely to find algae?
A skin bacterium loses its habitat when
A large turbine in a field can produce electricity to power devices when
What causes erosion?
All the water vanishes from a small depression basked in sunlight on a paved road because of
audible vibrations can travel freely through
An animal needing to be warmer could
If weather is stormy there is a greater chance of what?
Which recyclable body part is largely comprised of muscle
If a thing is living, it will require
What's a good way to heat up inside after ice skating on a frozen lake?
Water is a recyclable
What kind of substance will get less warm when it touches a cold object?
A person wants their yard to be a wonderful ecosystem for local wildlife. They consider doing a few things in order to facilitate this, but ultimately decide that the best way to make a great impact is to
A person wants to take their dog to the park as long as there is a lack of precipitation that day. After checking the weather channel, plans are canceled when it is announced that it will
Invisible forces work to keep the moon near the
What does crop rotation renew?
Water vapor cooling causes it to what?
smoking will directly affect what?
As it travels further into a land mass, what looses power?
A person is going to explore in the ocean and sees that when they get down to a darker part,
What goes to a place that has a negative impact on the environment?
A person turns a flashlight on and points it at a cut stone, which results in
A puppy was uneducated on how to go through a doggy door until
A book experiences tearing so it
A radio that takes batteries can make that energy into
Gravitational force never affects
What happens to a living thing if it becomes too cold?
As a flower becomes more aromatic it will bring in a growing crowd of
What do hawks eat?
A puppy has a kink in his tail, but he lacked it yesterday. The puppy ______ a broken tail.
Who would find an arctic environment most pleasant?
Which animal eats prey?
An environmentalist heats their home by using a corn stove. The environmentalist knows that heating this way releases carbon dioxide back into the air, but is unworried about is as a result of
melting ice may be formed by
A magnifying glass makes objects
positively impact your bodies strength by
You might support a growing tomato plant with
Salt dissolves better in a pot of water after
A construction team is building a business center where a park used to be. The change in the park will
Meadow vales are
There are many protests and outraged people about humans changing the environment of the rain forest because changing even something small in an environment can
A tree must depend upon, for its support
Explosions destroy
A guy wants to figure out how fast makes it to work every day so he looks up
An example of an electrical circuit could be
A tiny sand particle came from
A thousand new trucks are put on the road carrying produce. As a result
Palm trees use the sun to
Tectonic expression can give massive amounts of data to a
what is an electrical energy conductor?
A mountain is shoved skyward one day, so there must have been
Rain helps
Rain at the apex of a pyramid will end up
a windmill converts wind energy into
If a plant is going to photosynthesize, it can have all aside from
A person has a glass of water and a friend pranks them by making their water taste different. They prankster added
A green container with white arrows in a circle indicate it's a receptacle for
A dead skunk in the middle of the road would be most appealing to
In order to grow as a child I should have
A flashlight converts chemical energy into what kind of energy?
rocks often contain large amounts of
I just read about using cardboard in layers for building, but the surfaces should be waxed to keep out water.  This premise is used by some _____________ to keep water in:
Pollution is extremely difficult to contain in a
The Earth is going to be completing a full rotation. A child notes this, and knows that it means that
A person paints a white door a different color, so the door is probably now
Additional consistent force on a vehicle moving forward will cause that vehicle to
rock from deep down creates what as it becomes less hot
What displays the movement of electrons from the base atoms?
A goat in a lush field of dense vegetation will be bestowed
Salamanders may be unable to survive in a hot, dry location lacking food and water, but if it has food and water in an ideal location
A way that scientists determined whether previously known planets truly are still such is based on whether
As the Earth crust receives radiation from the sun it
The earth receives uneven amounts of UV rays due to
What is an example of navigation?
The moon is bright in the night sky, especially when full because
A person who is unable to hunt for nourishment may still survive and even thrive if they
Magma pours out a volcano and what off a cliff
The moon is always illustrated in movies and drawings as being very rough and bumpy due to craters, but there are many areas that are
Some fish are
Camel humps are a good example of
An object that contains gas often goes
A hermit crab may find good protection from elements in
Soil contains
Birds sometimes eat what?
What causes food to taste sweet?
Where could you expect to see a quail sleeping?
Which item can be used more than once?
What orbits the earth 13 times per year?
Louis Pasteur found a way to
365 solar cycles is equivalent to
A boy leaves a circuit in the wall open, then when he goes to turn on the lights
glass crystals will cause light to
Because building a house requires a lot of daylight, it's best to do it in
If an electromagnet is active then a nail touching it will become what?
A microscope is useful for looking at
A pony is living in a small barn and its owner dies and the pony is unable to fend for itself. The pony dies because
Personal protection equipment is essential when
A person wants to signal to another person, but is lacking a flashlight. They can
Mammals with blow holes can hear signals called
When there is an increase in atmospheric temperature, then
An example of an instinctive behavior could be
Several batteries placed into a radio will make sound after first using
Humming birds help with the growth of
A rainbow is caused by rain and what?
A person takes a bucket full of water and adds it to a full pool. After adding fifty buckets of water to the pool, it
the night sky shows very far away what
You can find what on the crust of earth
As a Red Giant forms it's gravity will
what determines the number of body parts and organism is born with?
When you increase the viability of food, you increase the ability to
An example of an adult animal laying eggs is all aside from
A couple having a baby want to guess if the child will share the same eye color as mother and father so they
A person is able to tell what shape a toy is by holding it in their hands and also
When a squid moves forward, water is
A bunny is desperate for food and happily chows down when offered
What does pencil lead contain?
If an area of land is sloped to the right and a body of water is on that slope, then the river will flow
Magnetic media, such as TVs, computer monitors, credit cards and pacemakers can be damaged when exposed to
A plant needs to feed, so it
A star produces light energy and heat because it has a variety of
An example of migration would be
What is the source of air?
A woman needs to check something with binoculars, so it is likely
Compared to an area with farmland, an area with housing developments has more
What does planting native plants has a positive impact on?
In order for a fox to catch a chicken it must
High tide is a stage in the
A light bulb turns on when it receives energy from
What does a leaf need to do to absorb the most sunlight that it can?
Molecular bounds are broken by
The thing that is shared between birds, people, snakes, and sharks is that they
A cat is laying outdoors in the sunlight. Suddenly, a large, dark cloud blocks the sun and the temperature drops several degrees. The cat's physical reaction to this abrupt change will most likely be
A person is going to the woods to bag fresh venison. This person is
A person is going to run around a circle and wants to use a stopwatch in order to _____ time
After a week of storms, the nearby lake now has more
A dead deer was found partially eaten in a forest. How could it have been caught?
Which of these is a source of heat?
A metal sticker remains on a fridge because of
What happens when man moves into new environment but reproduction ceases to happen?
Large eared, small mammal preferred by bald eagles as prey
The pips of a pumpkin are most commonly
A body needs fiber to make healthy bowel movements and this can be absorbed by consuming
A person wants to take a a mode of transportation out that has two wheels so they will need to
Combining resin and glass mat with a catalyst will result in
You may be able to use solar energy to power
What is present in death at the end of the life cycle
A sea creature can defend itself easily by using
Another source of pollution may be
Which of the following would be an example of tool use in the animal kingdom?
the Earth rotating on its axis causes stars to appear to move across the sky when?
If two objects have the same charge then what will they do to eachother?
A lake is unsafe for swimming because it is a bit below some farmlands that use
Some animals may use coloration for
A moth can adjust its
Bananas spread their chromosomes because of
Dairy has things in it that would make humans sick, so in order for dairy to be edible, this process has to take place
the nervous system sends observations in the form of electrical signals to what?
Living things are in grave danger from
Dead organisms, like trees provide
Solar energy is adsorbed by
A source of heat is used to make
Galileo Galilei made improvements to the telescope to make better observations of what?
Shrews are hunted by
Joe used a flame torch against the side of a bucket and the entire barrel heated up, but didn't burn. What material could the bucket have been made of?
If a new predator begins eating prey, what will happen to the preys population?
A common household item that may be a ferrous metal is
Kiln fired clay ingots can insulate from
What are made of nerve cells?
The moon sees eclipses what from Earth?
A mother is six feet tall and the father is almost seven feet tall. When their son reaches maturation, he will likely
Humans have the ability to change how much they weigh, but we cannot change how tall we are because that is
Our only satellite is found with the other
Cows know there is salt in a mineral lick because
Dogs are known to chew their food once or twice, but like all organisms they can
A person may use water from a treatment plant so that it is
A river is moving along a path and a piece of paper falls in it. The paper
Once the grounds frost over and the air grows chilled
Most animals have some type of defense mechanism to protect them from predators. The Octopus has
A species' habitat is those places where it can find food, shelter, protection and
A person thinks they see a UFO. They look closely, but the object becomes hard to see in the night sky as
Glaciers doing what has a negative impact on the glacial environment?
Water vapor helps with?
One breed of penguins, the Galapagos Penguin lives in the warm waters off the coast of
A source of heat may come from
What usually happens to animals when humans need new to grow more corn?
chloroplasts are rarely found in
Which of these is the most likely to result in a trip to the hospital?
When light energy enters a prism it emits all the colors by
What is an example of reproduction?
A person wants to make some tomato plants grow, so they get
A granite counter top
An animal is likely to be negatively impacted by food with
A person lost in a maze will need to find their way out alone, but a person lost in a forest may
A person wants to conserve toothpaste so they will
An animal species' population may decrease because of
Speed is measuring how fast an object is doing what?
As the population of zebra decreases
Squirrels can often be seen storing acorns during the
An example of something that contains sugar is
What can cause animals to leave an environment?
what celestial body is after the 8th one in this solar system?
A landslide is likely to occur on a slope as
Lake Ontario formed from
If a river dries, deer may
Spring for north of the equator and Autumn for below the equator are attributed to
An unusual use for a flashlight may be
What is a lever used to move?
Weakened agents are introduced to kids to prevent
Slate probably formed
At night stars appear to move relative to the
Some prey animals may elude predators by
A fish lives in
A flamingo may be able to run across a pond easier than a human, sparrow or a cat because it has
What breaks down food to produce energy?
Birds are a vehicle for spreading the seeds of what?
Extreme negative temperatures can cause a gaseous cloud to
A polar bear is white because
Due to weathering
If a brick is liquefied, then the weight of it
The floating arrow on a compass points in the direction of where a group of hikers came from.  In which direction are the hikers hiking?
A certain plant is in a field and bees suddenly surround it and climb all over it and fly away. The next year
Radiaton can make something
An example of an animal pollinator is
As number of organisms in a group increases , how will the chance of survival of each organism change?
By hiding from creatures who crave the taste of their sweet flesh
A beam of sunlight strikes a stained glass window and
An elephant on the plains and a diamondback in the desert will receive
Birds could use their beaks to
If two electrical conductors contact eachother, what will flow through them both?
For nutrients to be absorbed from food it needs to
From 2008 to 2018, the concentration of single carbon molecules bonded with two oxygen molecules present in the air has dramatically
A person gently tosses a ball to a friend who misses the catch so the ball will
A person will make ethanol out of all aside from
Because people require water to survive, it's good to live near
adding salt to a solid decreases what?
Plants in an incinerator would
Where would it be most difficult to play a game of ice hockey?
An inherited characteristic from my dad is
Fauna will have to flee if their home is
To protect yourself from blisters you may try
A carbonated beverage contains dissolved what?
What purpose does a plant light serve?
To replenish the shade in a city that had been provided by trees that were felled by a storm, you must
A bunch of seals are about to deliver and need to make sure they have returned to home for
What has a positive impact on a living things health?
A sticky fluid made by insects from nector might kill a very young human because it
Grooves in the ground are a sign of
Seasons cause change to what?
December is during the summer in the southern what?
If the Earth revolved around another planet instead of a star, what might it lack?
Once we use all the aluminum in the world we can get more by
March in the northern hemisphere is what in the southern hemisphere?
Carbon dioxide can be found in what goes through the
What object would be most attracted to a magnet?
A bear snacks on a tiny bird and the person watching this will know that the bear may be all aside from
A metal rod is sitting outside and soaks up a lot of energy from a star, so the metal
dry wood easily
A puddle after a rain will eventually
An example of a flexible container could be
two women have a baby, it is unlikely to be
What environment is often green?
A chemical reaction to vinegar or to baking soda can be caused by adding
There is more carbon dioxide in
As you go from farther away from an object to closer to it, the object will
Adults that go through incomplete metamorphosis may have
what do planets orbit?
An animal that clucks has
What do you have if you throw chocolate chips, peanuts, coconut, and dried strawberry into a bag?
Plateaus are typically
Pressing the power button on an mp3 player
The atmosphere is made of 78% what?
A plant will be able to photosynthesize even better when
Quartz can very easily damage
An organism is a source of what kind of matter?
What causes flooding?
A person eats some berries in them while camping in one location. In another location, miles away, they defecate outdoors. A result of this is
Offspring receive genes from their parents via what?
What dissolves in water when combined?
A frog will hibernate by burying itself in mud, freezing, then thawing again in the spring. The only of these that also go through a somewhat similar process in cold times is
A bird such as a penguin can survive in arctic weather due to
Ways to create reuseable energy could be:
Which type of cell must perform all life functions?
Peat may be beneficial to
To explore the regions of a super nova you will need
A large elephant is put on a device that can measure how much force is being applied based on its mass amount. That device is:
If one was to cease perspiration, what would they be most at risk for
Due to camouflage, you are less likely to be able to see a polar bear in
Plant population would fail to maintain it's size if
A level area near a steady flow of water is
The excretory system removes waste from what?
A puppy wakes up and needs to to for a walk. In order to have the ability to do this, he will require
Which is a pollinating creature?
A large component of Earth's makeup is
A glacier moved through an area years and years ago, and scientists can tell this by
Alloies are made of multiple metals an example is
A cloud gets fat and heavy because
Some birds use their beaks for the same purpose as their
Where would sponges most likely be found making their home?
One arctic animal, the polar bear may spend their time doing what
A bat may use echolocation to
Electricity causes less pollution than what?
Which eats dead organisms?
How many divisions of particular weather patterns and hours of daylight is a year divided into?
Herbivores like to dine on
the color of an object can be discovered by
Which would have the most gravity?
You can scuff your socked feet on a shag carpet and shock a friend because of
Which land type is covered in snow for the largest portion of the year?
How might a dresser crab avoid attention in an aquarium containing pieces of velvet and necklaces made of colorful stones?
A child smacks another child, causing hurt, which causes the smacked child to
A cactus stem is used to store what?
An animal will become thicker if it does all aside from
If you want to bottle your own pop, you should invest in
Sea horses require
dead organisms are the source of what for decomposers?
Friction is used to stop what using brakes?
A person will go through many stages in life, some more fun than others. Considering these stages, all are real aside from
A person knows that a place always has blue skies, warm weather and a light breeze because
As a snowball grows it will require
Where is fruit made?
To discover how durable a certain mineral may be, one could
An environment is likely to change when humans
One component of rock formations in caves is
Dormant cane toads emerges from mud to ended their
Heat energy has been added to
Where might you find the primary ingredient for making grilled rabbit in a spicy marinade?
A bird in an arid place can find water, despite a lack of puddles, lakes or rainfall if it
A person going home would head
There are many changes that can occur to the earth, quickly or overtime. Which would occur over millions of years?
A pond of frogs once contained
Steve's ears alerted him to something. It was
The planet got warmer and warmer, and now the atmosphere is warm as well with the greenhouse effect
the best way to improve production in future yields on the farm is
A being may have more of a chance of survival if it can
A person wants to find chloroplasts in great amounts, so they check
What lives in some zoo exhibits?
Why might wolves a new area where a lot of deer live?
Lettuce feeds rabbits by creating food with
A mechanical device requires 420 J of work to do 230 J of work in lifting a crate. What is the efficiency of the device?
A piece of talc is rolled over on a black chalkboard and
Reproduction produces
Cycles of day and night occur how often in a day?
Ice made from which kind of water would melt when the others stay frozen?
If the temperature is 34 degrees Fahrenheit, what could be put on top of the icy sidewalk to turn the ice to liquid?
A shark is looking for a quick bite, so it
A person buys a cheap hammer and it breaks a month later. The person invests in an expensive hammer and
What prohibits cells from contorting into deformed shapes?
A horse in a field under the summer sun was glistening wet even though it hadn't rained.
A person is going to freeze on a cold night. The person looks for something to ignite for a source of warmth, and chooses the best option,
A person notes that the moon goes through various phases and eventually repeats these phases over the course of
A vehicle rounds a corner and slips, squealing. The tires at that point experienced
A rainy day leaves a lot of moisture in the air and rainbows occur
A plant will have difficulty growing larger if it is held away from
Jackrabbits' hind legs are
If an anteater eats an ant, where is that ant contained?
A kitten in a hot environment has little to zero ability to
Squirrels eat a variety of foods including
join a negative and a positive charge through a rare metal in a gas filled globe is known as
insulation for the purposes of moving electrons involves
A full moon is visible
Due to plates gliding over our planet's mantle, why is Vancouver likely to be destroyed?
What are some of the risks of using fertilizer?
What could be used as a conductor?
A farmer needs to change up his crops. He has planted grains for the last five years. He plants something different this year, so his crop is probably
A dart frog is eaten by a pelican, who promptly
Preferences tend to be
To be a friend of the environment
Dogs
When you start to drive away from your house, the longer you drive, your house will eventually look
A bee will seek out a plant that advertises its
What can you use to protect your eyes from the sun?
Fog is formed by water vapor condensing in what?
A Bald Eagle's ability to build it's nest is
Sonar is used to find an objects what?
A snowy mountain is a good place to
This two letter company had a structure in the Gulf of Mexico that exploded causing coastal animals to be coated in
Which might need warm asphalt to help regulate its body temperature?
Woody organisms that produce plants like oak tree seeds and leaves are a source of energy for
Scraping the side of a cliff may result in
A shark is hunting prey, and the prey is an underwater creature with eight arms. The prey escapes by
Sunlight is a source of light from what?
Fossils fuels can be anything like
When warm winds blow across an area from off of the sea,
A good conductor of electricity would be
The process of building a log cabin for a dream getaway deep in the mountains near an idyllic stream requires
A person wants to fix up a fan so that it can run electrically, and finds that in order to do so they require
A thing that disperses will
A car rounds a corner and the driver taps the breaks. The breaks being tapped causes
A person decides to reproduce with another person, so beforehand they
If a tree has large seeds, then so did
As an individual is forced to pedal harder on a bicycle their pulse rate
What does a frog eat?
A person is going to go to the beach and plans on getting some items for swimming, so they buy
something that can negatively impact an organisms health is
Safety glasses should be worn around
Soil is produced naturally when, over a period of many years
A consumer must locate it's own
the strength of a hurricane will increase when
A sandbar is in the shallow portion of water where
What can cause objects to repel each other?
An example of biofuel could be
A person playing a song on a string instrument makes strings
A ferromagnetic metal, such as in paper clips, can stick to other paper clips without hooking together
As air begins to chill, it may push out
This famous mountain range in Europe came about due to
Some monkey babies may be
Landslides effect things like
If you hold the compass sideways while at the south pole, where do the needles point?
Cameras
Evaporation of a pond can happen and will lead to what?
Reducing bacteria in food prevents what?
A comet is falling from the sky, a boy is watching and can tell that the light is brightest
A person takes a page out of a book and crumples it, so the page is
Cellular respiration releases
Materials that react with other substances to delivery energy, and derived from the remains of living organisms are
What happens when available water decreases in an environment?
Lightening could be a combustion of
When a wildfire happens what catches fire?
Lisa was hiking in a rocky area and in a rock, she saw what looked like footprints made by a bird. But weirdly, they were in a rock. Where did they come from?
You may be able to make musical instruments from
Precipitation is the amount of
If I am out in the sun all day I should
In the intermediary before rain falls, observers may note
Oceans cover 70% of the surface of what?
What contains chlorophyll?
Ways to reuse paper could be
an area of low-lying ground near to a river is at risk of
A pollinating entity is one that move pollen from flower to flower and can be done by?
An animal that perhaps uses light to it's advantage is
A burrito needs to be cooked so it
An example of feeling could be
What enters the eye through the pupil?
A satellite may make a revolution when
A gallon of water in a pot is placed over a fire. After an hour there will be
Plants preparing for dormancy is a sign
A soda can may become hot if it is close to an object used for
Metamorphosis changes an animal to a form in which it can
Metal things are made of metal, glass things are made of glass, iron things, however, are made of what material?
A seasonal change may be expressed in
A thing is on fire and afterwards it is
In order for food to keep safely, chemicals are used on them. This makes them what?
What is used by the gas given off by plants?
the mass of a planet causes
In a single year, a giant globe will do this to a giant star.
The more active an animal is
A boy wants to collect clams for supper and must therefore spend time
A good candidate for putting sticking a reflector to is
Mice
Diverting overflow from a reservoir through pipes generates
Sunlight is important for
When ice is heated in a pan to 100 degrees Fahrenheit it will melt and then
An inexhaustible resource could be
An arid region has very little
What does a desert environment receive less of than a forest?
Light can easily be seen bouncing off of a
an animal that moves quickly through the water is a
High humidity can damage materials which
A creature can hide in plain sight from predators because
A person puts a potato in some embers on the edge of a campfire. The embers are
A person rescues a small chipmunk and it requires nourishment. The person obtains
A pot of potatoes is left on a stove at medium heat. The person cooking forgets that the potatoes are cooking and they cook for twelve hours. When the person checks on them after half a day,
F field mouse touched a special type of fence made for cattle and was killed instantly. The fence had a source of power. What happened?
A thing needs to be placed on a balance in order to determine
A chemical reaction may occur when _____ is added to an object.
If a person is lost in an arid space with little rainfall, they can live longer if they
A bass may make its home
Sedimentary rock may be a result of
Unlike trees in the forest or a pond full of fish, metal is only available until
The quickness of this animal is a key change that allows it to escape attacks from feasting animals:
A rose bush photosynthesizes and nearby people
A tree is dead
A dead body will become what if exposed to the air
Reptiles may actually be
What is a source of energy for animals?
When a song is played your ears can
Certain countries make it illegal to bring in certain species of animals that breed very fast because that will lead to
An object inside a freezer will become less excited with energy an therefore become
Perspiration leaving the torso through evaporation helps
A type of animal that can shed is a
A boy puts some vinegar in a glass of some bleach and finds
Transpiration
Someone who's starving can be saved with
A plastic bag is filled with milk and is placed in a chest. The chest has a device which takes all of the warm air away, so eventually, the milk will
Seasonal changes are made in response to changes in what?
If you are feeling cold, its a good idea to go for a run or even a brisk walk because as you move, your energy is turned into what?
All organism require food to satiate themselves, grow big and strong, and also
A plant's roots break down rocks as the roots do what?
All female platypus'
A deer is killed and the body is broken down by worms and bacteria. The deer's body is
The sun is good for
The lunar face appears to change 52 times
How many times does the Earth complete a revolution around the sun in a decade?
What will happen to gas once heated?
If an animal is trained to do something, that is a learned what?
A cloud gets fat and heavy and dark. The sky gets darker. The next step to expect is
How long might a bear likely to remain its den without eating, drinking, or excreting after November?
An amoeba is a unique individual that
Compost, small rocks, and organic material make up
Rain and what cause erosion?
A cow eats some hay, an apple and a piece of bread. In its tummy
the Earth rotating on its axis causes the sun to appear to move across the sky during what?
In the photosynthesis process what has the role of raw material?
A mouse is made up of
Cameras reflect
A cat is shown that food is placed on a high surface. The cat needs to eat the food to live, so the cat
Plants can use what as a pollinator?
The national symbol for the US would most likely eat
What is used to catch prey by some birds?
If you build it they will come also works for aquatic animals, as when there is more water:
If a plot of land a thousand miles wide has water, food, shelter, clean air and a good climate, then
What would a fly find most compelling?
With a ruler I can measure
The four stages of the water cycle are evaporation, condensation, precipitation, and collection. What happens after the last step of this cycle, and all cycles?
A light is turned on and the circuit is closed so
An industry that create a lot of waste is:
A bird can be saved in a harsh winter if it is driven to locate a
Humming birds may help the growth of
If an electric circuit has six paths and another electric circuit has one path, the six path circuit is
A coral plant will thrive in
On a cloudy day
Amphibians such as frogs start their lives in eggs in
Toasting already-baked bread requires using
A person can be punched in the chest without the heart stopping because
You can recharge your iPhone by using
An early example of harnessing wind power would be
The sun setting occurs
A plant needs to use the roots of itself to move essential things
How can you get your hands on white blood cells?
A person stuck alone in the woods could keep themselves a bit more protected by building a
Dolphins use echolocation to hunt for
A ball is tossed to a person who misses it and is unable to catch it so
New hydro-electric vehicles will result in gas stations
Which of these is a learned characteristic?
the decrease of something required by an organism has a negative impact on that organism 's what?
Photosynthesis features
When a lake receives too much rain it will
Solar energy called sunlight originates from
Which ingredient may cause chemical change?
matter is made of what?
What does a hand dryer produce?
Depressions in building materials that fill with frozen water will
Liz's 72 Mustang stopped on the highway because it had run out of fuel. What does she need?
A highly polished surface will
A skunk produces a bad what?
Which would directly follow the appearance of grey clouds?
A piglet was accidentally stepped on. In order to heal up, the piglet is offered
A moth that experiences a metamorphosis will change
A particular bird has very bright multi-colored feathers. This could help them
A rabbit might die if
Which is the least massive?
Which of these is a side effect of vegetable farming?
Heat causes
Which is likely to be seen at the zoo?
A successful combination of things is
In NYC, what would you expect during December?
Where would a river flow downwards?
A deer, shark, human and rose share which common activity?
Which process does the slate that comes from shale come from?
Where would the environment be driest?
A hard wind blowing at the back of a bike that is being peddled forward will
A pot of water is ready to cook noodles when it is boiling, as noted by
Which would reach the other side of a room the fastest?
Long decayed plant life would most likely fuel our
A lily wants to spread its genetic material around and so relies upon
When a dog adjusts its temperature
A person wants to use a raw material to make a toy, so they use
A thing may be changed on a chemical level after
A person wants to play a song out yet lacks an instrument, so they can
A laser produces a light source, which may be useful in
A person has a hot dish from the oven that they have left on the counter. After a few minutes, they place that dish into a sink full of cold water. The dish
A large source of heat can be seen in the
Which of the following can die if it gets too cold?
A person needing to use a renewable resource would consider all with the exception of
A cloud could form in a home if the conditions were right and steam could
A person feeds their cows corn. They grow an acre of corn each year for the herd. They add another thirty cows to their herd, so they
Which object would be best at heating up in the sunlight?
John's shadow looks like it's directly underneath him. What time is it?
A viscous liquid found underground can be made to create something that
A parent may genetically share with a child of their own conception
Which of the following is likely to eat berries?
Chloroplasts need to be collected, so scientists gather up
As rabbits in a county die off, foxes will
At 30 degress fahrenheit, water is
Rocks folded over and over which developed
Glass can become a liquid if
Overeating
A person approaching a dog from across a street can note that the dog
A storm ravages a town for a week straight, complete with deluges of rain. If someone in that town needs a source of water, it is
A change on our planet could be
An iris may have trouble thriving in an arid location, or even in a frozen location, because it needs
A bee will be able to make a hive of golden liquid if they have access to
What would be a source of the smoothest rocks?
A guy can hit another person if he
The earth makes its way around the sun. Because of the constant rotation, the appearance of these is unlikely to be regular.
A grouper will breathe beneath the surface of a pond because it has
A bird that weighs twenty pounds will fly easier than a bird that weighs
Which would provide the greatest benefit to animals in an ecoystem?
A calf born in a warm season will do what better than a calf born in a cold season?
A cow can see that the farmer is coming because there is light that makes its way
Your immune system would be less effective if you didn't get enough of this
Which of the following is more likely to insulate from electricity?
Which creature would be safest from predators in its natural underground habitat?
Lava on the ocean floor may build up upon itself. This is where
A farmer wants to plant seeds, but first needs a field with soil. There is a field with pebbles, which have potential to become soil after experiencing
Large fluffy clouds in winter may
An example of migration is
Ultimately, what one thing is needed for energy for any living thing on Earth?
The middle of the day usually involves the bright star nearest to the earth to be straight overhead why?
Great lakes may have come to be thanks to
If a mother mammal wants to give her offspring proper nutrients, she would utilize her
This non-native crop is now available in Africa
Which of the following areas would most likely contain a sandbar?
A squirrel expires in the spring and in the fall
A tree must die
The closest thing in the sky to our globe is
Which of the following would be insulated
An example of a living thing needing respiration in order to efficiently use energy is
A person who is paid to learn about scientific things would spend most of their time
Which likely would be considered in drought conditions?
Which is least likely to make a tasty meal for a predator?
A person seeking out natural resources would start looking
Which relationship is accurate?
Which is the most accurate statement?
How long would it take for you to notice the sun's movement?
A creature may reproduce during
What would be best for healthy ferns?
Just a few days ago, Beth waded into her family's pond. Now when she stepped off the bank the pond was hard and she could walk on the surface. What happened?
A pigeon is hungry so it snags a slice of pizza off a table using its
The moon will show a different type of this each week.
Which of the following would be considered a predator?
A person wanting to dry their shoes using a resource that is unlikely to expire could use
What might cause a change in the Earth's surface?
A person wanting to continue to use a man-made box will
A person eating a watermelon slice will perhaps want to take time during eating to
Hummingbirds drink nectar from flowers, and when they leave the flower
Which of the following comprises the energy that fuels a toaster?
A person can see a large pollutant source when looking at
A dog outside could be shuddering uncontrollably. Which of these could be related?
A person running away from an attacking black bear will note that as they run faster, the bear
A person using a compass knows that the needle points north, so the person wanting to go south will
Which event includes melting?
One way to recycle is by turning
A person can get to point a to point b faster than by walking if they
Which of the following was made from sugar?
One day a zebra dies. Zero baby zebras were born in the herd on that day.
Which would be formed by layering sediment over time?
A son inherits a feature from his father through DNA, so the son is likely to have his dad's
A person loves spring, and it has just passed by. They will enjoy it again the next time
A person who wants to raise alligators will need a supply of food such as
Winning a race requires you to be reach the finish line in a before your opponents, so using what will measure how much faster you win or lose by?
Which of these effects are most likely to happen if someone brakes to avoid hitting a deer?
A person has a restaurant where they have a salad bar. The salad bar is packed with ice to keep food cold. The ice may last longer if
What would an insect run from?
The body of creatures may have nutrients delivered to various areas based on where
A skunk wards off predators with
Needing to predict planting and harvesting times and when certain food animals would hibernate, early humans learned repeating weather patterns, star formations and time intervals to realize that
A plant needing to photosynthesize will want to be placed nearest to a
A girl wants to enjoy some fresh strawberries. She checks the patch in the garden where strawberries grow, but still a ways away from being ready, because they are still
Opposite the winter solstice, the summer solstice features
A person who forgot to bring water with them will likely die of dehydration
Which of the following is an example of ecological succession?
Within a twenty four hour period, a person could experience
Sounds may travel through air where there is an atmosphere. Sounds that can travel include
A person can create the most friction by rolling a ball over
Which of the following would be a reason you are sick?
At nighttime, which are you most likely to see?
Which of the following animals would be most likely to be in disguise?
The volume of water in a pond could increase if
A person can cause a chemical reaction by adding heat to
If a tree is going to give its essence to another tree, it needs to use
A horse barn fire
Which of the following would you use to most efficiently transport heat?
John was able to read at night even though the electricity had gone out. John was using
A person wanting to protect their crops from insects could
A person is reading a map and gets frustrated. The map ends up in a hundred scraps on the floor because the person
Tiny pips may be found inside of this food that is a breakfast treat.
Which would result in the most dangerous driving experience?
A person may find that iron attracts other items such as
Using your electronic that uses batteries for long periods of time makes them get very hot to the touch,  which makes it a
Two iron bars that are similarly charged will likely
An electric car will have difficulty receiving energy at
A needle lined with magnets will pull north. If north is to the right and you want to go west, you'd walk
When liquid that was sucked out of the ground by flora moves is moved to the air this is called
The field a farmer plants with varied crops over the years is richer than
What can an individual do to REDUCE their pollution levels?
An area of dirt contains large amounts of talc. That means that talc is able to be found in
A person uses all of a renewable resource that they had in a bucket. They can get more of it by
What would be a benefit of skipping showers?
Which vehicle would make less pollution?
Which state would receive the least amount of rainfall?
A person wanting to use the daylight to power objects would consider adding to their home a few
Which is likeliest to be true?
Many of our traits are unable to be naturally changeable, so we are stuck with them they way they are unless we opt for surgery. One of those traits is
What do you need to do to make food ready for human consumption?
A person needing to know if a ball is orange or turquoise can decide by sparing it a
A barracuda will be able to raise its own offspring because
A hatched chick will know how to construct a nest when it needs to because it is
CO2 is released into the air when sugar eaters
A dog's ears may be as thin as its
Every hour, the tiny kitten cried for milk. It was true that
Why would a lightbulb be dark?
After dark clouds roll in and the weather changes, clouds may
A bucket full to the brim with water is left outside. If the day is warm, by the end of the day, the bucket will be
An ivory page will be able to
On a wet planet, the amount of seas will
A person wanting to harvest tomatoes in the harshest winter in decades could do so if they obtained a
A living thing will expire if access to this is removed for a time.
A compass' needle points north the same way that geese know to fly south in winter, because of
Which of the following needs soil
A cup of cold coffee will warm up when heat is applied such as through
The turtle which lays the most eggs on a beach will
Which is most likely to occur?
Which list contains all satellites?
A person who hunts lions down for trophy prizes contributes to their species'
A person wants to collect green slime, so they seek out
Earth is warmed mostly by a large yellow dwarf star that is
A way to reproduce is to
What might have a negative impact on a child
When the body needs to rid itself of potentially toxic elements within it, what process is utilized?
Energy will be expended for
Every 1440 minutes
Which animal is most likely to eat another living animal?
A person yells inside a garage. Their voice echoes and they hear
Which is a visible example of water vapor
Wind blowing southwest at high speeds can, when interacting with a car moving southwest at high speeds,
If a person has a respiratory system then they are able to remove from a room
The more hawks that chow down on voles, the
Cars driving over a stone road throughout a year, including hot days and cool nights, may cause the road to
Sweat is produced
A creature's habitat, if it has flippers and carries a home with it, is likely
A lot more sunlight is getting through to the forest floor in the summer than the summer before.
A person may bring harm to the environment by
A person can charge something which passes energy through it by
When rain falls for two solid weeks, flooding will be evident
A shout is made into the night sky and carries
Which is likely to be digested?
The stars at night, though bright and glowing merrily, are
Which material is most likely to be considered hard, in the field of geology?
What would provide the most nutrients?
Two rabbits frequently copulate. The result for the rabbits will likely be
A person wants a room that is artificially brightened to go back to darkness, so they
Which of the following is a learned behavior?
An omnivore, such as a bear, will have many animals that are
Which is likeliest to harm an organism?
A pond that has gallons of water dumped in it daily will
Which of these is determined by heredity?
Which of these animals might seek out the same type of food that a rabbit would?
Lava is found above the ground because when there is lava there is
Which of the following is an instinctive behavior?
A whitetail that lives in a forest will be required to adapt to
Which form of travel causes the most pollution?
Lodestones sharply yank metal nails because of
If I yell out to a co worker which occupation would have a scenario where it is impossible to respond for scientific reasons?
Which is most considered a part of the skeletal system?
A person wants to get better acquainted with dogs, since they have a serious fear of them. This fear was probably
A person pushing energy through a metal beam will cause something to
Which of the following requires water to live?
A fire started in a forest but it wasn't started by people. What could have been the cause?
A creature that has developed to a certain age will be more likely to
Solar energy comes from the sun and does which positive thing?
A person who wants to avoid wasting a manufactured box will
A man had a car that only could travel for thirteen miles for every gallon of gasoline. His new car can travel forty miles for each gallon of gasoline. A trip that is fifty miles away will now require
A person wants to mine something that will attract metals. The person decides to search out some
A person wants to dry pips from sunflowers and then can plant those pips knowing that they have enough
Which of the following results from a chemical reaction involving baking soda?
Ferrous metals can comprise items such as
A person wants to discover how much time they've spent on something, so when they think about data, they need to
A person can inflate a beach ball using
Which would likely result in a chemical change?
A person wanting to attract striped insects to come and feed in their yard would display
The diminishing supply of this nonrenewable resource is leading to advancements in automotive technology
A storm is covering a town in sleet, which means that things
Heat energy may be added to this in order to cook it.
A plant that using transpiration is
A load of earth and stone that folds upon itself repeatedly could be considered
Which of the following organisms uses what is referred to as system of tubes to transport water and nutrients?
An area of land has more rainfall, producing more plants of various species. The plant boom causes
Which would damage the eyes the most in a laboratory setting without protection?
Which of the following reflects the most light?
To protect themselves from consumers, which action would an animal most likely take?
Which would be considered a learned behavior?
A worm would most likely be eating
A beach had large stones on it several decades ago. Now, after years of rough winds, the beach is mostly
A person drops a bean in the dirt, and kicks some dirt over it. If the person goes to dig up that bean a month later, it is likely to have
Which would be a source of pollutants?
Which of these most closely resembles how clouds come into being?
A bird species may decide to relocate to hotter areas when weather
Which can be said to have the most volume?
Seas are the largest source of fluid on
Where is it most likely to rain?
Which of the following changes shape of an object?
Where would you most likely see a powerful electromagnet?
Which of the following would slow the flow of electricity?
A person may source warmth from
A person in precipitating weather will want to
A huckleberry patch will only grow if it receives
A solution could be
A painted turtle will have natural coloring, but a turtle that has been painted will have
What activity changes the local environment the most?
A family moves into an old home that mice have moved into. Soon after the human family moves in, the family of mice are likely to
A protected environment will probably be
A person has a clean yard at the beginning of a season. As the seasons go on and the trees in the yard grow,
Comparing an arid acre to a jungle acre, the jungle acre will host
Which of the following burns due to wax?
Which is a carnivore?
Which of the following would be least likely to reproduce?
Which is the most dangerous to trees?
Funerals are common occurrences after
Something that is beneficial to plants, especially garden plants, can be formed
Alice flipped a switch and the ceiling fan started running because
Retinas can have light fall on them when
A person makes dresses and everyone in a location buys them. Once everyone has bought a dress, the dress sales
A frog is moved from a lake to a pond, so it is likely to
Which activity would most increase atmospheric CO2?
What would be passed down from parents to their children?
A stump is in the outdoors and when the sun comes up
Skidding causes friction, as seen in
If a wolf wants to grow big and strong, what must he have?
A person wanting to avoid polluting the air will, when considering vehicles, choose
Jupiter's larger mass and orbit contribute to the formation of this area of debris:
Which would block the most sunlight?
A person in a cold environment that needs to produce heat could
Robotics would have great difficulty in existing if these had yet to be invented.
Which of these places is worst for growing oregano?
High surface air temperatures, arid conditions, land overuse and over-population can all contribute to
Which would likely occur in nature?
Which would be excluded from a list of forms of reproduction?
Sometimes, a black-tailed deer will caution other deer of danger by
Over the course of a calendar month, the moon may
A hurricane over and near water will be strong, and as it travels further from the sea it
A girl wants to use a renewable resource to build a house, so she uses
Which object is least likely to have any light pass through it?
When syrup is added to vodka, the flammable portion of the mixture will
A minuscule thing could be seen easily with help from
Which of the following is most likely to make a person shiver?
Within a power station meant to process coal, electricity is
As dry soil becomes more and more broken up, it will always contain more
Which is more accurate?
Converting electricity into different types of energy may be done by
Which of the following creatures would eat dandelions?
A plane takes off from the ground, lights blazing, and flies into the sky. As the plane ascends and travels to its destination,
A tiny daffodil is next to a large carnation. Bees looking for nectar will swarm
If a bird has to adapt to hot or cold temperatures, it will find difficulty as it is
The organisms likely to have the waxiest leaves are
A person wanting to find a live bear in a forest will have difficulty because bears
A glass item will do this when power is fed to it.
Which organism likely contains chlorophyll?
Instinctive behavior may be viewed when observing
Which is activity is least likely to be inherited?
A person who knows that they drove two hundred miles today can figure out how fast they went if they know how much time was spent
Some creatures may pretend to be other creatures in order to
Which two objects would electricity best flow through?
A compass arrow points north, to the right of a person. If the person wants to go west, the would
When tree roots grow, sometimes they
A bear has two cubs that she keeps in her den because outside the den a winter storm is raging. One cub crawls outside, the other stays inside, with the mother. The cub that goes outside, compared to the cub inside, is
What could you use to thaw something quickly?
A tree falls down in a yard, and the people who live there liked the shade the tree provided. They can regain their shade by
What phenomenon is best described as evaporation?
Mineral graphite could be found in places such as
An acre of arctic land, when compared to an acre of jungle land will have
Frogs withstand noisy areas easily when they eat insects because they have
A creature that can move through liquid easily due to flippers is
Fluids are relocated through a daffodil due to the
A person needs to use a raw material to cool an engine, so they might use
If blue whales have trouble finding any mates
When an animal goes into a den during cold weather they probably did this because
A pot of cold water, with heat now applied, may be noted to have reached its boiling point when
A person can get sick when eating a vegetable if it was farmed using
The location of most C02 is pulled from the air
Which of the following would be excluded from a list of ecosystems?
A hang-glider that is soaring runs into gales head-on. The gales
Which of the following would likely use a compass to reach their destination?
Tom noticed it was getting gloomy outside at only two in the afternoon. Which of these might be the cause?
Which would be prevented by safety goggles?
A person wanting to do something good for the environment will
A small dish that is in space will do this as it nears an enormous mass.
Kettles are lakes which are formed when chunks of glaciers
A thing that is experiencing transpiration is likely to be
Predators which rely on small rodents for food will do what when rodents all die off?
Which two crops would humans likely avoid in a famine?
A boy is waiting to see a full moon. He notes that the full moon is tonight, and looks at it. If he wants to see another, he must wait
A shark sees a meal but it runs into a thick cloud of ink, blinding it. Which of the following creatures could be responsible?
Where deer and rabbits generally reside tends to be
If an icicle melts, or steam condenses, that matter would
A camouflaged creature in a patterned room will be
When would a habitat be considered destroyed?
A raccoon be most likely to live near which of the following?
A cloud that begins to precipitate onto the ground is
A deer eats plants, which are producers, and they also
As the Earth rotates around a star, the world may
A person wanting to signal with light could redirect sunlight with
A dog needs to be able to sense something visually, so it makes sure it can
As a pond is slowly evaporated, the food for ducks in that area
The crust under everyone's feet is
A bear that has great strength, when compared to a bear with little strength, will likely be
2000 years ago, this method would likely have brought sand from the coast to the desert
A person wants to know how fast winds will be going this week. They buy a device made of metal and
Which would be the best conditions to drive in?
Where would a sand dune be out of the ordinary?
Usually, plants naturally decrease their intake of water in roots and branches to withstand
The motion of a ball's motion when touching a concrete sidewalk will be countered due to
A person wanting to gather dirt for their garden would harvest it from the
A bud will want pollen to be extracted and then spread, so it will require
Why would soil be more loosely packed than it was the previous day?
A cow will gain energy from eating
Which would increase atmospheric carbon by the lowest degree?
Animals make decisions based on
Which is the correct relationship?
To move electrical energy around a field, a person would use
A day that is cloudy will
Within an ecosystem, producers are likely to be
Adding heat energy to something can cook it, such as heating
Which would alter your position over time?
Which of the following is likely to cause the most erosion?
Which of the following would cause sunlight to better reach the ground of a forest?
A ball can be moved by force when
A mountain top heats and lava flows, resulting in
A lot of deep dips in an expanse of land could have happened
What could be used to examine the legs of a lady bug?
A person wanting to protect the environment could avoid
If something is able to grow from a kernel and insects assist in reproduction, then it is probably a
The crawling pace of limestone removal from an area produces
A grass snake may make its home in
A person can know if they need a down vest by checking the
Which season is it for Australians in July?
Which of the following is an example of electrical insulation?
A person wants to dry their clothes for work. They seek out some energy that can be continuously gotten without running out, so they dry clothes using
Two cats in different rooms may share information by
A guy is trying to choose a spot to build his house. He chooses a place that will cause the least environmental change in an area, so he builds in
Scientists suggest that, due to human activities, earth has lost waterways and about half of its original forest lands, endangering many animals and plants in their natural living spaces. However, human activity seems to benefit some living things, such as
The warmest part of the year happens while
A year can pass in the time it takes
Living things which require warmth likely also require
A person wanting to conserve resources in a positive way will
A plant that needs to expand will be able to have an endless resource in
Which of the following make sustainable, long term energy?
Which of these are required in addition to a toaster to make toast?
What is the rainy season in north america?
Which is true?
A small rodent will fear a creature such as a fox because
Where would a short-beaked animal likely die?
The more that worms make their way through compost, the more
A parent contributes DNA to their offspring which can result in
Two bears, one weighing 200 pounds and another weighing 150 pounds are about to enter winter. The bear with the most weight will be
The natural illumination outside will be for shorter and shorter periods of time per day when
A rock quarry can contain in its rocks
Which would be a good example of conservation?
The continents currently experiencing winter will be the ones which are
A guy wants to be able to remember the evening. He can be sure that he has a visual and audio backup of the night by
Where would you find the most sunlight?
Which is likely to be reflecting the most light?
Where would an archaeologist likely find an impression of an ancient footprint?
Deer can be responsible for which activity?
How low must be a population of some species drop before it is extinct?
Which of the following would require more effort to move?
A dry bush may burst into flames due to
A person wanting to relocate a boulder with their body will need to apply
Seals which return to where they were born display reproductive behavior by using that space to
A person wants to turn on an MP3 player, so they complete a circuit by
When a forested area receives very little rain, the tall plants in that area
A light that is turned on will be connected to wiring, which will
What is most likely to push objects?
A hurricane will develop largest nearer a sea because of
Which animal will hide the best when seeking food
Which describes the proper usage of bird beaks?
Which would be most affected by a magnet?
Sometimes birds
How would a runner measure speed?
A person wants to use a ruler to measure something so they measure
A person needing to cook up a burger, but lacking a grill or fire, can heat burger meat on
Blood gets directed around beneath skin and bone by
If many birds in the area are killed the ecosystem may become overcrowded with
A wet globe that is enormous in mass is likely to have a stone
Where would an arctic hare be least likely to be seen by a predator?
A navigator may be in charge of
Losing which of these would make it hard for a wolf to satisfy hunger?
A person wanting to pay airfare will ride
An action that may provide a small bit of warmth could be
Which of the following would be considered nonliving?
Which most directly requires sunlight to grow?
Where various seasons currently take place depends upon
What will air usually do when heated up beyond a certain point?
With proper nutrition, which activity would increase the body's strength?
A person needing to last a long time in an arid space with limited water sources will
When soil is disrupted to extreme levels
An area of dirt may have rivets in it depending on
A boy has a scar from an oven on his leg, so his leg was likely
A person is wondering how much the steam from the pot of water that is boiling will measure. They are able to measure it in a definite way by
Which of these could add unwanted contamination to the natural environment?
A person wants to use a chemical energy to power a radio, so they change out the energy source through
Which uses electrical energy to function?
Jane's hat flew off her head while standing still on a hilltop. This could be because
migration is when animals travel from the northern most state to Texas during what segment of time?
Which would create the most pollution
A kitten curled up against a cool marble slab will
Which would rely on rainfall the most to sustain life?
A lizard has young
The sun shines the least when an area has
A month that is in the summer in the Northern Hemisphere directly follows which month?
A plant photosynthesizing will do a more efficient job it it has
Where's the best place to mine for coal?
Light in the evening will do what as fall approaches
If a thing is a resource which is considered renewable, it can be used
which one of these individuals would have the most optimal quality of life?
If a kitten takes in nutriment
To see how the plant stem works, you place a rose in what?
A tone is made when a hammer makes contact with
The most popular plant in Italy is
Making a pie produces a
If I wanted to get more nutrients in my body I could consume
Death begins for a leaf the second it
If waste is to be avoided, then a box should be
If the ground is fully shaded, and plants there barely grow, likely the reason is
If a thing has a certain amount of itself, then it can be described using
One way we pollute could be
When an oak leaf falls to the ground, it is because of
A seed is dispersed when it is
A cup of hot tea next to a glass of iced tea will make which become colder?
Which can is depleted permanently?
Suzy's friends call her Bigfoot, who can she likely blame for this?
A thing that now exists in fossilized form that can be put together to take a full shape is
When would you want a radiator the most?
If a person wants to save the environment, a thing they can try is
You are shivering and see flurries; you remember that you are in the Northern Hemisphere. What day is it most likely?
Which was happens most near canyons
You might recycle plastic by creating
a tree felling bulldozer goes through a wooded area, leveling it down, what happens to the trees in the ground?
A source of heat might be
Jack rabbits move very fast to avoid
Plants are unable to grow without soil because soil is where the plants get their
If a plant is in an environment with a lot of oxygen, and then oxygen levels very slightly drop, the plant will
Seasons occur because long ago something huge slammed into our planet and now its axis is
It's June in Australia so I should make sure to wear
Which of the following will most likely to be true?
A deer would prefer to eat
If a sand grain is in a tree house unexpectedly, a likely culprit responsible for its movement is
A load of dirt, mud, water and debris can come toppling down from a higher place if
If someone is dying of liquid needs, they can hydrate the body by
Natural gasses have been created by
a closed circuit
Teak can be found in
Loss of resources has a negative impact on what in an area?
What is going to become dryer faster?
Which would likely require completing a circuit to play?
Desalinating water from the ocean does what to nearby fish?
Bats might use what to get home
An example of a fossil could be a
If a creature is building a soft space for sitting and roosting, it is likely
Why is that tulip red?
Scandinavian eye color testifies to
Weathering can do what?
What will increase as the animal eats more food?
A stereo can run on converted energy through
Which is the most accurate statement?
Eric is pushing a box up a ramp. He notices that it is much more difficult than it was a couple of hours earlier. This could be due to
Gasoline is unable to exist without the addition of raw materials such as
Bread makers only run if you have
Xenons use current to produce light as well as
Which is true?
Moles are underground a lot of the time, and since few animals live there, they are unlikely to be
Polar bears are best suited for
A bird that finds itself endangered is
Which is most accurate?
Which of the following would be the most impactful to an ecosystem?
If our globe is split in half, the innards would be
Geese fly south for the winter because
Where would one likely find the least water?
When a plant is water the liquid goes from the soil area to where it is needed using what system?
While studying the rings in a fossilized tree trunk, a scientist notices a group of rings that are closer together than the other. This means that
crops need to be switched on a continual basis why?
Which is more accurate:
As the car approaches a hill it will become harder to
Which animal might catch it's sustenance faster?
If a tiny bug needs to be closely observed, a person could enlist the use of a
If this fell on you, you would probably die
If a puppy steps on a lit cigarette, it is likely
What might happen in an Earthquake?
A blackberry bush needing to photosynthesize would have difficulty
The population of zebras is stagnant due to a lack of new baby zebras, what will happen over time to the community without support?
Which of these describes a living thing?
An example of camouflage could be
Sliding off concrete and onto gravel produces higher levels of
Which would result in the worst consequences if placed in a full bathtub?
When the Platypus emerges into the pouch it has been
Which feels hotter?
When the moon, sun, and earth line up, tides are at their
What pattern best describes most migration?
Ice wedging might create
some countries can be in bed and other are in the middle of the day enjoying the outdoors, why?
In order for trees to use sunlight they must
A car hitting a rolling boulder can cause the car to
If I was blind I could use my hands to tell what
If milk is going to be measured, it can be measured in
Water needs to be clean in order for someone to safely drink it. Drinking polluted water is bad because it is the same as drinking
What might be harder to digest?
Which of the following is a true statement?
Folding up rocks can happen when
If a bird lives in a dangerous place with fires and predators, a bird will likely
Which of these items contains a fat soluble vitamin?
What likely directly came from a sprouted seed?
Which of the following is never an element used to make carbohydrates for the plant?
What is most easily shown by a line graph?
A way to warm your skin with sunlight is to
Sea hares are poisonous slugs, with tiny bunny-like tentacles, that float in water currents and ocean waves. They squirt a purple colored chemical that's sticky and smelly
Which of the following prolongs combustion?
The dam was put under much more stress after the
What might I be doing during the day cycle on earth?
What is something that would be unable transfer energy?
Clear weather means
a person bought a reptile at a store and it laid some eggs once they got home, why is this?
The ocean contains large amounts of what?
It is much harder to go star gazing in the city as opposed to the mountains due to the amount of factories doing what to the air
Which is likeliest to let a spark pass through?
Which is required for a sedan to run?
Sun falling on mountains and the dessert at the same time leaves the area susceptible to
on which of these days would it be least convenient to take fast drive?
If a person is selling beads every day and then zero people choose to buy more beads, the seller will
A container with a printed scale on it's side is used to
When Newton was 1st hit by the apple he created his famous
A large crevasse was carved in the western United States over many
With more people eating cereal there comes a need for more
In the food chain process a cattail has the role of
A horse could start trembling when
When pollution levels get higher, the gas in the atmosphere
A person who wants to visit a desert will be sure to pack more
Candace pushed a button outside her friend's house and a buzzer went off inside the house.
Magnets in ear pieces convert sound waves into
A salamander is
Which of the following is the most replaceable?
After a storm, a glass vial with markings on it can tell
What would need electrical energy to function?
A microscope creates clarity by
Which of the following is true?
Which pollutant is most likely caused by humans activity?
trees will grow from
Which are least likely to be seen in the wild?
Leaving your garage door open during a storm poses the risk of having animals going in due to them needing what
A cell taking oxygen and carbs and making it into something else, which can be used more efficiently is
If the stars in the sky above your home vary from month to month,
Though fossil fuels and their byproducts will eventually be used up completely, we'll still have
Needing to use an umbrella could be the result of
If a raptor loses weight, then it will have an easier time
If someone wants to see the celestial bodies clearly they would use
More sunlight will be absorbed by
Which is least likely to have a constant volume?
What could be an example of a thermal conductor
Where would you find a less than average amount of biodiversity compared to other biomes?
Where would rocks be the smoothest?
if a tunnel had a modern facility for seeing, what can we infer from this?
in the presence heat, which of these comes about?
Sticking your hand in water above 100 degrees Celsius
Some of shelled item containers for replication processes are use by which kind of life form?
The arctic can be considered what?
If a thing is going to consume something that moves it is
If a plant is deprived of which of these, it will die?
what is a simple way to determine the age a tree?
A frog was sick because it wasn't staying warm enough.
The bear in the wild needs to find other animals to feast.
Why is it fall one month and spring another month?
What requires nutrients to grow and heal?
When a needle points north on a compass and you are thirsty
Two wheeled conveyances are held together by
One example of changing an objects shape is
Long naps increase the bodies
Which of the following likely occurs in nature?
A close object will seem to be
Skin can protect your
What job site would most likely utilize powerful magnets that use electricity?
which of these environments would better support photo film development?
The circulatory system brings oxygen to the body from where?
A reason there is so much debris and damage during tornadoes is due to rocks that are getting
Which is nonmagnetic?
Omnivores would dine on
What is a radio used for?
Magma piled on the Pacific bottom tho form
Which of the following is true?
As the barometer reading goes lower there is a greater chance of
To protect against the noon day sun you might use
If a stone is broken down into sand it is
You're most likely to encounter magma at
All of the following might be found on the natural satellite orbiting our planet excluding what?
Which is the most accurate statement?
If the world is trembling it is likely that motion is being caused by
If a person is searching for others in a forest at night, they can signal quietly to each other by
if a person has a scar on the face, at what point did they get it?
Which would feel hotter?
Which is likely to have to highest kinetic energy?
There is less food to feed bacteria in a puddle when it
As a matters state changes, what will remain constant?
If the world is shaking it will likely last for
Skills are learned characteristics. To get better at doing something, you must stretch yourself in ways that
Wax is on some plant leaves for what purpose?
Honeybees would most enjoy some
Which is able to create its own nourishment from sunlight?
Where do grass snakes live?
Which likely has an electrical conductor that sends sensation through an organism?
Dinosaur carcasses are a form of
A seismometer will be able to tell how much this was quaking:
migration is when animals travel from the north to Texas during what segment of time?
An object that is stopped is
If a leg is moving then the bones inside the skin are
In an experiment, chemical splashing can happen so
A person who has a job of making discoveries also
A way to conserve something is to
Kool-aid is a mix of what items as a solution?
Which of the following is most likely to occur?
if a bush fire breaks out without human action, what might have happened?
Which would likeliest eat a sardine?
Where would a polar bear enjoy living
If you wanted to see snow year round you would go to the
Where could you most likely jump to the top of a mountain?
What requires photosynthesis to grow?
In order for crops to grow food safely pesticides are used on them. When it floods, this can cause what to be poisonous?
An example of an electrical circuit running properly would be
Some caterpillars use camouflage to look like
which one of these would be needed to power up a torch light?
To get a lab experiment right you need to
If one where to get high at Mt. Everest it would mean they are
If a tree is being discussed and those talking want to know its age, they will
Igniting the shuttles boosters causes it to
Our planet has multiple
If your hand is being burned on a stove
A person protecting the environment they have control over will most likely
Plants use chlorophyll to
What do plants do after they use their chlorophyll to make energy from sunlight?
migration is when animals travel from the northern state such as north dakota to Texas during what segment of time?
Which is the best example of condensation?
The Earth's energy creates
If a thing is procreating, then it is
How many seconds would it most likely take to get to Mars?
A kumquat is more likely than a steak to have
If an entity in intergalactic space has thrust placed upon it, what is the expected result?
Having food has a positive impact on the health of what?
The cracks in a sidewalk could be caused by
If plants are chilled in evening air,
Which of the following relationships is true?
Which is competition?
If a bird is avoiding detection by a cat simply by sitting still, it probably is also utilizing
A reflector is used to reflect
If a lake begins to overflow after swelling from a storm, species within that water source likely
Which of the following would best describe why a lizard would live in a desert?
If pollution is caused by many things, it is least likely to be caused by
Marine invertebrates are likely to be discovered in
What purpose does a plant light serve?
How many revolutions does the moon make around the Earth during spring?
Decomposer is a kind of role in our
A badger is birthed with behaviors that are
Small fish can be safe swarming dangerous sharks when
A ship navigates with a magnetic compass because it is
Which of the following substances likely contains plant seeds?
If a pork chop is underdone, the likelihood of illness spreading to consumers of it is
If a thing is going to be able to expand, it will require
If a beach is below a farm it can make swimmers ill if
An animal that often lives in holes in the ground in fields has
Which of the following relies on vibrating matter to work?
An example of a chemical change is
if a beach ball explodes, which of these would be given off?
What is essential for a robot to possess to walk up a flight of stairs?
If you find an animal that isnt breathing, it is safe to assume that thing
The moon has
Actress and goddess Jessica Alba wishes to help the environment by riding a bicycle. Dressed in a tantalizingly suggestive outfit, she propels herself by
A boy hates summer with a burning passion, so luckily the longest he should ever have to endure the season is
If a bird is pecking at a bush for food, the bush can also eat if
Buttercups can produce
Big flowers have more nectar than small flowers do. Because of this, which flowers will get the most bees?
A reflective surface fogging up is
Inhaling O2 is a requirement of all
If substances are combined by pouring them together, they'll mix, such as
If a flag is adjusted at great heights
Where would you point to as an example of condensation, if limited to an office building?
Which of the following is likely to be true?
Ecosystems
The more often wildfires take place on a space of land, the more often we will see
During photosynthesis, plants produce sugar that may help with their what?
If a bear has thick legs fur, then
Which of these things would cause more racoons to hang out nearby?
If Earth has poles that are magnetic
If peas and carrots are planted alternately,
Consumers eat other what?
A yard can become a changed environment when
You can produce what by burning natural gas?
Chewying and swallowing a steak
What is the source of cooling that turns lava into land?
Smoking can also effect what besides themselves
Erosion can
Which is likeliest to be torn by a small child
Organic mass is gained in the earth by insect
one's ability to hear their name being called across the room indicates the presence of
which of these could result in a person reaching their destination late?
A resource that can be endlessly retrieved is
To keep a pet salamander healthy what would come in handy?
An unseen force tugs at celestial bodies giving them
Catfish are what
If a pull is strong somewhere, it likely has
A tongue can adhere to metal if what occurs?
Neodymium can hold a car without being in it's
A portion of the earth, and other planets is a layer which is composed of
If we cut down trees from the rainforest what will suffer more?
If a duck lays seven eggs and last year they laid zero eggs, this year they are
The tree trunk is what holds up the
If an oak seed is placed in a compost pile in a garden, the garden's ecosystem will
A person can bring harm to an animal habitat by
A foot uses force on spheres in
Which is a positive impact on the bio environment?
Classes and categories are both part of
If a thing changes through a chemical process, it will have different and new chemical properties, such as
If steam chills then the vapor will
If a day has passed, so has
A child will share a physical trait such as this with parents due to DNA:
a bird builds a nest in a tree before the forest was lumbered down. Which of these is a result?
if a television stayed on for a prolonged period, what kind of energy might be a byproduct?
If an island is experiencing a hot summer it is because
This keeps animals warm but it is possible to have too much
Why does a wolf eat rabbits?
A peach pit holds the beginning
Wind energy is
The mounds at the beach are made of
An example of electrical energy is
When a hurricane glides over a continent it
Weathering can
What happens when molten lava comes into contact with a car?
The temperature changing may produce
A pollution source in a county may be
if a person gets a shock from a faulty system, which of these surfaces were likely touched?
Plankton can be the food as well as the creator of
Most of the pollutants in the air and in our world are there due to
Beavers producing offspring after Winter impacts their life
Hummingbirds contribute to seed dispersal by
A person can eat a seed if they are consuming raw
Undifferentiated cells in plants allow it to grow
If a person is navigating then they are most likely
if a person needed two objects to be more alike in appearance, they could
The building of a hotel caused many species to be
dissolving sugar in water will cause it to
Animals eat food for the taste but also because without it, they would
A sky that is mostly this color will likely be precipitating:
Who is likeliest to overuse hot water?
The organ most made of muscle is the
As our globe makes a complete quick cycle it can and does see the passage of
Hawks eat
A seismograph will be able to tell how much which thing is quivering?
Ice might be formed by
If a warm potato is left on a steel sink, the potato will
A faucet drips
A large thing that spews out destructive materials can
Which of the following statements is true
Water molecules descending from a high elevation in liquid form are known as
If a cow eats only plants, it will avoid eating
You can find ferrous metals in
In addition to a slippery road, blizzards can be dangerous to drive in because
If you mow over a weed, it will just grow back. Pulling them by the root will make them
What might make a more musical sound
A way to illuminate a dark study is to
A tugboat maneuvers a ship  to help
If an apple tree wanted to spread it's seeds via another entity, it would
Keeping shopping bags out of the dump affects the earth
Bluebirds have a strong sense of what?
Tom and Bill were both pushing on a large plastic ball but it stayed in one place. Why?
Small animals will leave their habitat and look for new shelter when there is a
When would the days be the longest 1000 miles north of the equator?
Rain storms and blizzards can be very dangerous to drive in due to the amount of precipitation they produce, which will do what to the roads visibility?
if a place has clean air, food, water and safe shelter for an animal, what would happen?
which one of these items might have been a flower at some point?
A baby chick hatches and recognizes the mother bird above it from
In saltwater, a squid's method of locomotion results in water being
Natural resources come from nature, so if humans are reckless when working with nature, the amount of resources will
Tiny nits may be seen best when using a
Toggling a light switch on
If a light needs to be relocated to another room without leaving that room physically, a person could
Which is most harmful to a human?
Cake tastes sweet because of
If a puppy is given only water for a very long time, it will
if a cloud deposits its contents to the earth, which of these may be true?
Two birds in completely different houses can discuss something by
Which beverage can you thank Louis Pasteur for making possible?
A crust is a portion of
Wildfires are exacerbated in part due to dangerously low moisture content in light fuels, commonly brought on by
A person who is trying something out for the first time that will have unpredictable reactions will
Which is likely true?
Which likely sustains a bamboo shoot?
Which is considered least important in the solar system?
An example of an instinctive behavior is
Which is the best thing to do for a neighborhood?
A person wanting to learn something new when they are very young will often try
A boy is playing with his toy boat in his wading pool. His mother comes along and sprays more water into the pool.
A seeing eye dog is able to do this better than his master:
A boy that has two legs and two arms has parents that have
What is a learned behavior?
Digestion is when stomach acid breaks down
Who would refrain from eating a salad?
If a plant's extended portion is larger, it will
A small pile of worms can do what to a yard of dirt with dead squirrels in it?
the availability of soil nutrients in the food chain can be explained by which of these?
The desert rat has evolved traits that help it live with low supplies of water, what is this an example of?
I can see melting occur when
a typical rabbit diet includes
How many full moons are there each month
Which would be the worst to wear out in a thunderstorm
The xylem absorbs water which end of a plant
All things which are alive will require this at some point or at many points during its existence:
Which would likely cause refraction?
If you're suffering from hypothermia it would help to get close to
If all potato bugs are infertile, they will likely
running turns carbohydrates into
A way to ingest more fiber for a bear is to
Your mom's garden she worked hard on in the Spring will eventually lose its green in the Winter because flowers need certain temperatures to survive. In the winter, they will all
Some species of sea anemones may be highly toxic to whom?
What one animal commonly associated with America and is the animal on a one dollar bill would eat the long eared animal on a cartoon commonly eating a carrot and saying What's up doc??
as an evergreen matures and grows, it's leaves tend to
Something is coming out of clouds on a dark day, so it is likely
Which is likely to spread seed?
Birds carrying away fruit has what kind of impact on the plant
Jeff noticed that the big dipper was in a different spot in the sky at 2am than where it was at 10pm. Why?
If rye bread is browned in a device, it uses mainly
Which of these helps some animals find mates by color?
Where would you find a tool containing cylindrical ferrous material?
Who would be healthier?
This creature is likely to hide away sustenance for the harsh wintry months
June solstice is in winter in
Characteristics that are inherited are unnaturally changeable. Which one of these is inherited?
A mad scientist is spawning a Xenomorph and wants to know how many acid dripping fangs it'll have. What is the best tool at his disposal to acquire this information?
If something is in the sunlight what will it absorb?
Which would likely be detected by a human tongue?
What statement is true?
Clothes fresh out of the laundry are great because they are
Which of the following relationships are true?
If an object eventually warms, it was exposed to
adobe works as an electrical
Which is the most accurate statement?
Which part of a pencil comes most directly from rocks?
Which of the following is true?
If a puppy eats old meat preserved improperly, it can
which one of these would be a migratory outcome?
When my parents reproduce they pass on genes like
Magnification makes a small thing
the closest star to our planet delivers solar energy to the planet
A woman looking through binoculars is watching something
Taking shorter showers is a great way to conserve
Which is likely to still be in water after treatment?
Mechanical weathering is a end result of a
the gravitational pull between two objects increases as they are
If a bird is moving through the sky, someone wanting to know the speed would
Which is the most accurate statement?
Redwoods are supported by
A series of horrible earthquakes can effect deer populations by forcing
Due to the wobble of the earth it has four different
Which is likely water vapor?
The color of what is an inherited characteristic?
Which of the following is most accurate?
If a hill has a sharp decline on a side, water will first run down
Which would likely be a chemical reaction
Before their trip to the Amazon Bill and Jane had sharp metal objects stuck into their arms by a doctor.
Which likely would live in the hottest environment?
Recycling which of the following has a positive impact on the environment?
Animal rights activists are against people going into forests to live and build things because that will lead to animals homes being
If a body has nutriment running through all of it, then the thing responsible for moving it around is
Deer are most likely to give a wide berth to a
A thing which ferns have in endless supply when expanding is
Amphibians undergo changes in structure of being in that
Dirt is moved from one part of a forest to another, and travels across a field to get there. The movement is
A compass uses natural magnetism so it works only because
Lucy came in from the cold and can's stop shivering. It might help her to sit near
Camouflage can be used by animals for hunting
Hunting any kind of animal will eventually cause that species population numbers to
A new walnut tree sprouted up 200 feet away from the nearest other walnut tree.
Seeing in the darkest of nights with an LED torch necessitates using
if a farmer needed the plants in the garden to multiply, which of these could help?
High can be visually represented by
When the amount of food goes down, the amount of conflict between the organisms searching for it will
the presence of which of these is required for the formation of cavernous chambers?
Annelida aide the earth by redepositing
Boulders are most likely to be reduced into fragments due to heat in a
Waxy leaves can be considered
An example of tool use is
when the earth's plates grind against each other it can be detected with a
if a spoon was placed outside under our closest star, what could happen to it?
Which event can lead to the human caused change of an environment?
Animals are unable reproduce if they are dead or cannot find a mate, so it is in their best interest to avoid animals that want to
What might have more radiation?
A maglight puts out
When the Earth is tilted on its axis, as it always is, certain tilts will make it summer one once continent
Which of the following is most likely to occur?
Which of these lays eggs?
You would use a lever to move a
In America, we know that January is a Winter month. But in other parts of the world, its another season. due to
Thermistors measure
The way that the planet spins and moves through space can effect how
On continents nearer the north pole than the south, winter months such as November see
How can H2O on the ground eventually rise into the sky?
Webbed feet are used to move faster through what?
A camel can survive in the desert because of
Which would likely render a habitat dead?
Seeds from a prickle bush can be moved across a continent if
Which of the following is more accurate?
Animals the exemplify relationship behaviors are
What are some birds?
Freezing point is best represented by
The moon has many craters on the surface due to  space rocks
Which of the following could harbor unsafe bacteria?
If a hundred bees swarm a pink rose and a dozen bees swarm a yellow lily, the lily will
Electrical flow can be slowed down if there is an insulator
A change to the environment can be
Special plant tissues transport what throughout the plant?
As the use of alt fuels increases, the use of what will decrease?
Nerves all have
What requires nutrients to grow and heal, and use a bill type instrument to process them?
Grow lamps provide artificial sun to
Northern countries have extensive erosion due to
What is likely true?
A shrew requires this for survival.
Which can be used to create a prism?
Which would likely spread the fastest?
Which is true?
in order for a person's burger to make it successfully into the toilet, which of these must be functional?
If the world has a universal temp increase, then
A large oak can create
Which eats other creatures?
Where would jumping be the hardest?
Toy submarines bob up and down when put in a bowl of
The below surface pebbles of the columbia river are of non rough edges because of?
A bee can enjoy a lovely snack on
Where might you find a bug that has an incomplete metamorphosis
if a driver drove by a corn field and tossed out his lit cigarette, what could happen?
Which of the following would be seen outside of the ocean?
If I wanted to protect my feet from getting blisters I might
If a child inherits a physical trait from his father he will likely receive
If a river is flowing down the east side of a hill, then the hill
If a season switches from one to another in a place, the earth has
Which would be excluded from a list of objects with metallurgical properties?
If an instrument is played, this may occur
A good example of a mixture is
Wood is generally dried out for
if white cold items drop from the sky, what might these be?
What type of product can be made from the moving winds?
if a plant shows up in a new place, what might have happened?
Sweating will make your body temperature go
Which can best be described as hibernation for most amphibians?
We might use our carbon dioxide waste to
If a deer lives in a place with trunks, the area is likely to be a color matching a
A creature that is living will require this to have movement abilities:
tuna swim extremely fast to catch
Which would most directly benefit from installing receptors for converting light into power?
High areas can be visually represented by
we only have diamonds because of the existence of
Which of the following would occur in nature?
Leaving your ice cream outside is never a good idea because it will absorb the solar energy from the sun which will do what to the temperature
The North Star is
which of these formations are typically the highest point from sea level?
A human can, merely by pushing on it, cause a visible alteration in the shape of a
If a flood is occurring there was most likely
Which of the following would likely reduce pollution the most?
Candy disintegrates in
What requires nutrients to grow?
A hummingbird will be useful to which of these things in procreation?
If a thing experiences a burning combustion, then it is
if a person looked a their head in a mirror, and moved toward it, what would happen?
A deer created a rose garden by
A live copper wire is touched to anther copper wire end to end
what do planets orbit?
Which would likely be the biggest factor in climate change?
How is a location of lower elevation affected by flooding as opposed to a higher location?
A scale can measure
What could be used to find out how much carpet is needed for a room?
Calculating a short distance can be accomplished with a
Bird dogs use their nose to find
Which would one most likely run into when crossing a stream?
Freezing point is best represented by
What might be created with brass?
What would happen if you swing at a golf ball and miss?
If a dam is torn down, the beavers will
Which statement is true?
if a child gets certain traits from the parent, what delivers these to them?
Fogged up glass on a store window is a stage in the
If a thing has both seeds and reproductive dust, it is
If a sunbeam shoots through a rainstorm,
During the summer solstice the Earth is actually what in relation to the red giant?
A 40 foot wide hole is found in the dessert. It's shaped like a ball had hit it. What could have happened?
You can easily scratch a windshield with
Regarding food, animals are
What are you unlikely to find in a canyon?
If a fuel is a biofuel, it may be
The reason you tend to think of the color white when you think of environments where its constantly freezing, is because those place get tons of
If a person restores a garden complete with oaks, then they have replaced
Doing something harmful to a person or animal will make its situation
If you're looking for the rock between the 2nd and the 4th from our star you are looking for
If a person is avoiding sugar, they will stop eating
Cooking a burger on a grill does what to the burger?
If members of a species are born then what of the species increases?
What could loosen the soil by creating tunnels?
Birds in cold climates ________ by growing thick feathers
Deserts are in extremely dry environments, so liquids will naturally be
The earth being tilted on its axis causes what?
Which is least likely to happen?
A light using energy can cease that activity when
Sediment is a result of the process of
An burrowing frog breaks through the mud after it's done
Which of these items plays an integral role in the survival of many types of flora?
If a bass is returned to its home, it is placed in
If you see a mushroom on an old decaying log, its because a mushroom is a decomposer, which gets its food from
If a dog is hunting for wild rabbit or birds, then
Using less anthracite has a positive impact on the
Over the lifetime of the planet hydro mechanical wearing will create a
A sign of the spring season could be
Cutting down trees has a negative impact on what living in an ecosystem?
Desalinating water from the what deals with removing salt?
MRIs can make
Where would more water fall from the sky yearly?
If a deer eats a berry plant, the plant eats
Where do some Metallica band members live?
In order for a species to continue, constant mating is required to
A battery operated vehicle requires everything but
energy is required for survival, and this is primarily delivered by
A girl with a burn scar on her arm was most likely
The force required to swim through ocean water is greater than the force needed to swim in a heated pool because
During what period of the Earth cycle would you see someone having a picnic outside?
If a screwdriver is bought from a high end store known for high quality, it will most likely end up
A horse is outside alone in the middle of summer on a sunny day in a desert. The horse is getting wet. The wetness is coming from
What would be more attracted to a magnet?
Which of these supports an item that works together in large numbers and is greater than the sum of its parts?
If a rabbit hears a distant sound clearly, it can be attributed to its
which of these has the most similar component as the earth itself?
if the local forest is cut down, which one of these animal's habitat might be affected?
A shock running through a wire will
When a lady beetle is grown up, she may spend time
Hitting the brakes hard leaves rubber on the road due to
a complete lunar cycle takes about
If crops are rotated then the crops planted would look like
Which is likeliest to metamorphose?
A bean sprout will beautifully boom if given plenty of access to
A filament that is in a glass container will be this when a switch is flipped to cause glass to glow:
A bear in the arctic can go a long time without eating
If a thing is electrically insulated, then it is
Rising air pressure means that I should bring
A source of pollution might be
Rain can damage
Battery powered vehicles have less emissions than
If an organism is existing then it is made up of
Which would an ecologically minded individual most support?
Which is the most likely scenario
Recycling products such as papers can help the environment to
If a flashlight is having difficulty working a person should check
If a kitten is unable to nurse from birth
A plane taking off from an airport will seem what as it flies away
If a person is lacking a skeletal system they are
A carp and a platypus share all attributes aside from
if a tree fell down and dried with a hole in it, which of these would likely be in it?
The running and moving liquid fluid during a storm causes what
Which of the following is correct?
If you miss seeing a full moon, how long will you have to wait until you get another chance?
the contents of which of these will attract a natural honey producer to it?
which of these need to be present for a tectonic plate movement
Hitting a spider web with your hand makes it impossible for a spider to
To look at an eclipse you might be able to use
Why did the chicken cross the road?
if a person used a knife to repeatedly scrape an object, what will happen?
Which is likely to cause changing weather in a specific location?
Oil platforms originating from a number of oceanic placements can be related to an unintentional release of what?
Echolocation is when animals detect objects by hearing echos using what?
What can be renewed?
If a seed is planted and it develops into a large tomato plant
If a thing that was huge and hard is suddenly pooling at your feet,
What would be removed via the kidneys?
if a toy car needed to be measured for its content capacity, which of these might help?
If a person is blind and needs to know the color of a sign, they
How do bats avoid crashing into trees while flying around at night?
If a white bear lives in a space and is going to flourish, the space should mostly
An example of a disperser could be
A thermal insulator slows the transfer of what?
Who is most likely to get a job at a lumber yard?
If someone wants to see if breath is moist, they can
If I wanted to create noise I could
If a person is dehydrated in a desert without water sources like rivers or ponds, they can hydrate by
If a high percentage of water is visible in the air?
Iron can be found on
A person with a pet amphibian will likely feed it
A quartz crystal is a transparent
A person who plants in their garden may switch between planting beets and cucumbers in order to
Where is the best place to shoot animals?
which of these days would lead to a suspension of regular activities?
One of the main things that can negatively impact organism health is
Where might you find some animals being held outside of nature?
What anchors plants into the soil are called
Hotter blood is rarely found
A car running on a resource that will someday cease existing uses
Bringing a stray dog to live at your house when it lived outside all its life will be hard for it at first, but eventually, it will
If a person is making laps around a gym, they find that
I found an impression of bird's feet in a rock
What are the source of fruit?
What is oil likely comprised of?
A simple machine like a screw will need
If sound is moving around in a room, the room is lacking in
A windmill just uses the air around it, nothing unnatural. Because of this, everything they produce is
If a plant is moved from a basement to a field
Reproduction means a development of genes like
An electrical conductor is a vehicle for what?
During cellar respiration I might find myself with
If a hog is going to eat dinner it can
Trees are mulched and liquefied before being dried to make
What do cactuses do when the monsoons come to their habitat?
To prepare hamburgers and hot dogs for eating you need
which one of these is false about the greenhouse effect?
Which of these has resonating wood?
All predators are also carnivorous because predators
What births live young?
A landslide may bring immense problems to
High areas can be visually represented by:
Which of the following is most likely to occur?
The wheels of a skateboard spin around a
Adding salt to liquid decreases what?
Which of the following reasons would an angler fish use a light?
A magnet would most likely stick to
If a thing is seen, then
Burning wood was the only way to do what to your house back in the day?
what is the proportionality of a rise in bacteria content and human health?
A thing that is near a running wood stove will discover when touching the stove
If a thing creates sugars in a natural system, then it is likely a
What activity is a part of the wheel of organic life?
Turning a piece of paper into a ball is an example of
An electron microscope can look at
deserts are known for having what type of climates?
a lack of illumination would result in which of these?
Which animal is likely hotter than it should be if its tongue is sticking out?
What might you find in the depths of the ocean?
The pine farms experience destruction yearly due to
which pairs would likely be consumed by squirrel families?
To witness physical change you would need to observe the life cycle of a
By finding the distance of something you are
if a river ran through a region, what would be found close by?
A ceramic dish from the dishwasher will be
A person can find a sparrow's home by
Why are there more deer when there's a lot of rain?
If I wanted to add friction to a subject to get it to slow down I could
the closest star to the human planet delivers solar energy to the planet
Which would be a learned trait?
What can you point to as an example of water vapor?
A forest was turned to mostly charcoal overnight. What happened?
In an arid location, any various lifeforms will have to
Kelp has to have provisions to
An item placed on a balance will be
If I wanted to disguise myself, what might be something I do?
A creature's habitat would be like what, if it has wide appendages that grasp liquids well?
Wood can be reused to make a
Which is the most accurate statement?
Many things happen when the seasons change. One example is when plants go from big and bloomed to
If a person wants to feed their pet alligator, they will stock up on
the central object of our solar system is also
which one of these animals lives deepest in the ocean?
Putting heat on and around something like the following can cause a chemical reaction:
The moon reflects rays of sun from our
If I wanted to get energy after a hard work out I could do what?
An element from the periodic table is used to transfer
Pollution is
If a person wants to make house from something that is unable to be endlessly produced, they would build a
If a zebra has more black than white on its body and has a calf, that calf
in order for the body to absorb nutrients, where does the food typically enter from?
Some lizards form eggs where
An example of a chemical reaction might be
The lungs give O2 to the
If a log is cold it is in
Wind can be used to
Which of the following would be considered the most windy
Make sure to protect your eyes when working with chemicals because they can easily do what if handled wrong
When I hear news of a warm front I make sure to bring
After several months, a cardboard box left outside is all misshapen and has holes in it
On June 1st, it's the first day of winter in
Which is likely to boil?
Where might you see light reflect?
The shelf of the continent is close to?
Which of the following most likely led to certain rocks having less friction?
Which is most likely a cause of camouflage's effectiveness?
which of these would be easiest to measure in volume terms?
Why does a turkey thermometer plunger cap come off?
O2 molecules stacked on top of each other create weight which is then tallied by a
One way to recycle paper is by using it to
What is a riverbank made of?
Treated water is unlikely to have
What raw material is consumed by chloroplast
If food is being digested then it is in the body
A potato that is placed in a roaring bonfire, when compared to a potato left in a warm oven for an hour, will
Which has a positive impact on the environment in the world?
Which creature is built to move though wet currents?
The sloth's lack of urgency is a great example of
If you are stuck in the desert and need your water to last you, it is best to
If a lake is fully drained and evaporated, then the lake will
If silt and such is making its way down a flowing path
What requires nutrients to grow and gets nutrients with use of beak apparatus?
Which is most reliant on nonrenewable resources?
If a ruler is going to measure something, it will most likely be used to measure a
Trees take in CO2 from the atmosphere for
If you want to walk over a lake, which of these is necessary?
Eagles survive by dining on
The cause of a wildfire could be as simple as
An example of a ferromagnetic metals could be
What is the most likely cause of split rocks on a mountain slope?
What is used to record images?
Clapping in an auditorium will yield this for a few moments afterwards:
for warmth, we depend on the closest star to our planet, which is also
If a patch of land gets six inches of rainfall each month, then that is the amount of the
If you touch a wall wart which hasn't been on in weeks, it'll feel
If a plane is landing on a strip where someone is standing, the plane's blinking will look
A way in which seeds are frequently spread is
This is likely to be an insulator
Which would most rely on a coal-fire power station?
In a drought, a resource that will be lacking is
When we are unable to look up and see the sun during the day it is blocked by
What is an example of playing a musical instrument?
If I want to protect myself from the ultra violet rays I can wear
A bee may be vital for
A person needs to make a stove run with only energy that will run forever, so they make a
As a lake increases in size, there are more
A wolf feels the snow with
You can bake cookies with the sun using
What is lava found above?
What product eventually will become human waste?
Chloroplasts in shrubs scrub carbon from the air and return
If a large glacier is moving passed a beach, it can deposit this because it is made of ice
How can you help to ensure that you will stay free from becoming ill after eating meat?
Animals need to get ready for the changing seasons in various ways. One way bears get ready for the Winter is by having their
What is a source of nectar?
Which is most accurate?
Once the egg has hatched a swan has given birth to
if these animals were planetary bodies, which of them would have the most gravitational pull?
If a cat has a body temp that is below average, it is in
Which two events are guaranteed to each happen in a 24 hour cycle?
Which would be most effective way of being detected after the sun has set?
which of these people would be most susceptible to disease?
A learned behavior
A person puts a potato in some embers on the edge of a campfire and the potato gets hot. The embers are
A glacier moves like a
What kind of energy causes evaporation?
humans will have to flee if their home is
Porpoises move fastest in
Nearly all prehistoric bones are found in
After life all things
Pollution is caused by using what?
Polar bears grew thick fur because
What would have a better chance of survival if predators decreased?
A learned characteristic could be
Unlike CO2, oxygen is a waste product of
What is the most accurate statement?
A fallen tree may provide what?
which of these eventually form crude oil after millions of years in the earth?
If a baby needs to have milk every hour and is only given it every six hours
What can help you sleep soundly?
Overpopulation may result
A creature with ability to lose hair is the
how does an animal know to perform certain crucial life actions before exposure to it?
During photosynthesis plants make their own
Which is likely to occur as leaves fall off the trees and food becomes less plentiful?
Corn would likely provide nutrients to
How can you get more song birds to visit your yard?
if a local pond by the road receives unusual amounts of rainfall, what could happen?
if a person travels on foot from home to school, which of these is given off?
What is the proper ratio of weeks to the Earth's revolution around the Sun?
Coral gets some help with algae for their
Fueling an electric vehicle requires
If a frog is a baby, then it has
If a tree is growing in an area that is most ideal to it, the dirt will be
The skeletal system protects the
Which is likeliest to provide a home for many species?
The face of the sphinx has changed from
Which of the following is likely to reject nutrients from food?
Which is likely made of molecules?
The most common way for a glass to break is when someone is holding it and then drops it, which makes it what to the ground
Which are likely slightly larger in size than its liquid counterparts?
Acid rain could effect
Which of these are essential to people who commute to work in an automobile?
If too many humans move into to an given area they may take more resources then possible to sustain themselves, which is what concept?
Which of the following likely uses an alternative fuel?
What is least likely to absorb light?
A bear is fortunate enough to
Sunlight is a source of light from what?
if the particles in an electric rig were immobile, what would result from that?
A skunk produces a bad what?
If a thing is being drawn to another thing of the same material, they are probably
Coal mines are an essential for what industries?
One way to see how a plant stem works could be
Unless the animal is native to a cold climate like Antarctica, it is going to need to stay warm enough in winter so it
If a leaf falls off a tree then the leaf is what?
If I wanted to maintain energy I could
Reusing your paper plates is a good way to avoid making excess
If you're stuck outside on a sunny day, the coolest place would be under a tree because they do what to the sunlight
Some flowers are unable to get enough sunlight because trees hover over them and do what to it
An example of pollution might be
a reptile that was brown an hour later is now green because
By picking up polypropylene we can make our ecosystem
If a beaver does what it does in order to build its home, then near the river will form
Solar pumps move liquids continuously from the
If I wanted to transfer warmth another being I might
pushing an object requires
if a student asked a teacher about the size of a certain item, what could be an indicator?
What are created during the pupa stage in a life cycle?
changes in an environment cause plants to
A predator eats other animals for what?
Which of these are required for a mother cat to have the same whisker length as her daughter?
An example of a fossil is the imprinted carcass of a
If a person wants to make cookies and is lacking an oven, they could place the sheet of dough on
If a person recycles a wooden stool, they could buy that same material again as a
As a sled runs off the snow and on to the asphalt it's runners start
On December 3rd after 4PM I can leave behind
If a tootsie roll has kinetic energy that is visible, it is likely
Spring may be sprung when
When you put a cold sandwich in the microwave, it will
Bears instinctively know when its time to hibernate because who passes it on to them?
An example of a fossil is a paw print in what?
Which is likeliest to make light pass through the pupil?
What most likely caused the castle built by children at the beach to disappear?
Splitting and fusing billions of atoms at the same location in space produces
What may be likely to distance itself from humans?
Adding milk to a hot pan creates
A micro-scratch test is able to determine which rock formations deep inside the earth's sub-surface are the hardest and how resistant the formations are to being
If you eat food that lots of microorganisms have been on, you could get
Winter in the Northern Hemisphere
Seed dispersal is when the seeds of a plant are moved to a new environment from where?
Which is likely to have a continuous path of electricity while in use?
If a house is built using a raw material, it can be built with
if a human-like entity was spotted breathing normally under water, it might have developed which of these to make that happen?
light is unable to shine through what?
Worms die off during a heat wave. What affect does this have on the local fauna?
By plugging in the cord you can supply power to
Weathering could be
As the amount of food an animal eats increases what else will increase?
What does harming an organism cause?
Friction increases as what increases on a surface?
When both a dominant and recessive gene are present, the dominate what will be visible?
If enough dirt is able to accumulate over a carcass, then eventually that carcass may
When will the humidity increase in relation to bodies of water?
It's easiest to boil twisty noodles on a
Sea nomads' larger spleens let them
If a thing is up and then is down then it is
What do humans do to poison the air?
Portable energy is useful for
If a park becomes more and more arid, the animals there will probably
the phases of the moon change the appearance of what?
Wide tree rings mean
What does the earth orbit that makes the seasons to change?
What kind of energy causes evaporation?
If the earth quakes and a lot of people die, likely
Tearing an object changes that object's
Which is likely true about water?
seismic activities will force an abrupt change in the surface appearance of
a desert environment has low
Red blood cells help your
Your children's children will probably never see a live
Which animal travels great distance as part of its instinctive behavior?
Which phenomenon is studied about once annually?
What is the source of energy for physical cycles on Earth?
If a beach is experiencing sneaker waves, which are very dangerous, it is likely due to
a soil in a village seems to be nutrient deficient, what might have happened?
If a person enjoys star gazing the best place to live is
as the amount of water received by a plant increases , that plant will usually
If you want to avoid death you will need to
An example of camouflage is
Science fact: as the sale of a product decreases , the amount of money made by the person selling that product will decrease.  However, sales could possibly grow with
The family cooked most of their food using a stove and
The more cereal people consume the more we will need to plant
Humidity is the amount of what vapor in the air?
Which of these is warm-blooded?
the breaking down of food into simple substances occurs in the
The best place to get vitamin D is
What has a negative impact on photosynthesis?
Greenhouses are great for plants like
You shiver when your body temperature drops, which happens when it is
Blind people are unable to see what the shapes of things are, but they can still sense it thanks contacting it via their
After seeing her give birth, the zookeepers discovered that Harry the ____ was actually a girl.
Robert has only has power downstairs. In order to move the light from downstairs to his upstairs bedroom, he can
Soil could be Earth's what?
What will reflect more light?
Water solidifies in crevices in the asphalt and splits it apart by
A microscope uses refraction to increases
One way to encourage seeds to grow might be
If a thing is going to shock you, you could block the shock best with
Lighting a candle causes that candle to what?
How might I decrease someone's forward motion?
If you eat a lot of chicken your body has what it needs to
In sunny weather I should try
Which likely best models an earthquake?
When would the mail least likely arrive?
If a bucket of water from the sea is left out in the sun for long enough, all that will eventually remain in the bucket is
Convection is caused by uneven what?
as the amount of polluting gasses in the atmosphere increases , what will also increase in the atmosphere?
Which of the following uses electrical energy?
If a living thing is making an effort to obtain nutriment, then that thing is likely
Which is likely born via hatching?
Many animals that give birth to live young have
Transpiration occurs in
lizards eat
If a thing experiences a burning combustion, then it is
When the population of an organism decreases to the point that it is considered very likely it will soon reach zero, the organism is considered
If a person looks at the night sky in February and then again in June, the stars will be
In December, someone in England probably wants to
soil is formed by
Down feathers are a thermal energy what?
The count of rings in a pine has a one to one relationship with the number of years it has
If a blind person needs to know which cat has long hair and which has short hair, they can
The grand canyon was formed by the colorado river doing what over a long period of time?
Plants are called producers because they may produce their own
If the pressure alters from a high pressure system, the most likely thing to occur next will be
Water is bubbling. What characteristic is it likely to have?
A creature wanting heat will want to make its home
You'll know that the sun has set if
A plant would prefer
Fluid from clouds tends to increase
Why would it be summer one day and fall another day?
Earthquakes can devastate an area even though they usually last
As vehicles become more efficient petro consumption
Tearing an object changes that object's what?
After the moon phase where you can see nothing of the moon, what comes next?
A komodo dragon's body temperature would be highest if immersed in
If a person is going to be in an area with acid rain, the organs in the body can be unharmed because of
You can experiment with seeing evaporation by using
Which area contains few organisms?
Which promotes the creation of serotonin?
When taking a pickax to rocks
What gives off light?
Which creature would be safest from predators in its natural underground habitat?
A pulley is used to lift a flag on a flagpole by
plant stem is the vehicle for transporting water and food from roots to the rest of the
When is hotter?
Prolonged sweating in hot weather means
An orange liquid surfaces when
The difference between skills and talents is that talents are innate and skills are
Which profession likely relies most on the Earth's poles?
A cylinder with lenses can even make Uranus appear to be
Nocturnal predators hunt during when?
Sedans being powered by _______ is an example of an alternative fuel source
A shoe seems gold and green at first, then at second glance looks blue and silver. This could be due to
something will attract magnets if that something contains a large amount of what kind of material?
Stepping in a lake causes
If a person has bacteria in a certain part of their insides, it can help by
Which can best be described as hibernation for most amphibians?
Which of these would you use in order to figure out why buildings may have collapsed?
scientists make observations and cats
pollution is when humans pollute the environment with
An animals brain controls what?
Organisms can be preserved in
Polar bears live in
Which human is more likely to be free of scars
Roses utilize chlorophyll to
As watering holes dry up more animals will
Rain also occurs in other places like
Succulents will die during winter months in canada without the aide of a
moist means high in what?
the energy of the ocean can be harnessed to charge a battery that eventually powers a
Force causes the speed of an object to do what?
To encourage population growth in an area
A tuna would prefer to consume
If a globe has a range of populace, it likely also has
A puppy feels hunger and moves straight to its female parent's nipple. This behavior is
Wax is on some plant leaves for what reason?
To pass on heat one might
Rocks collide with each other when moved by
which one of these can be used to power up a system?
the solstice with the longest day happens in the month after
animals are unable to stay in good health without enough
What might damage a hard walkway that runs alongside a street?
An example of an electromagnet is
which of these conditions might lead to the inability to move one's bones?
coral lives in the
some animals remove their hair coverings for
Saturday and Sunday together are
Which of the following provides the best reason for squirrels vacating their forest?
Which of these is likely to get hot
a byproduct of an open flame is
What's necessary for the production of honey?
You can see an electrical circuit in motion when
A shark will generally avoid eating fish that
Grass snakes live in what?
Four times a year you will see a different
John Muir would likely set aside an area for
Some birds live in
pushing on the pedals of a bike cause that bike to gain
What requires energy for growth?
What type of useful product can be made from the moving winds?
the muscle that never sleeps takes oxygen rich what to the body
An example of conservation is
if weather is stormy then there is a greater chance of
An example of combined substances could be
Which would you avoid filling a beachball with?
If a bird has a larger beak than its friends, it likely had
eating food that contains pesticides can have a negative impact on humans and
all animals
wind is used for producing
A fawn's colors helps it blend in with the landscape in
If someone wants to walk towards the magnetic north pole they should
Different plants draw different minerals so to save the land you need to
plant life vessels can be harvested in the ground which will change the
the number of rings in a tree trunk can be used to estimate what?
he sun rising and setting causes cycles of
On what surface does a braking car have the most trouble?
An item such as a soda can is broken down. This means that the soda can is now
If a person blows on another person's arm, then nerves will
A being which has migrated may have
If an animal gets too cold for its body to perform its functions, that animal will
A thermal conductor is made of
Which child's plaything is inflated with gas when it's in use?
If someone wants to use a natural gas in order to assist something necessary, they can
refraction is when light bends and when it stops producing light after hitting something its its
A bird of prey is hunting a scaly meal. How might this creature avoid being spotted?
celestial objects are where in the earth's atmosphere
Smoking causes direct damage to what?
Which of these things is absolutely required in order to notice a bat flying towards you?
Many species have small amounts of magnetite to guide during their
Hot tea works better than cold for dissolving
if a book was intact on the desk in the morning, but in shreds in the afternoon, what happened?
What does a salamander eat?
if two students of equal strength pull a double sided cup in opposite directions, what will happen?
A sugar cube in vinegar will
If a thing is blown apart, and was living previously to that occurring, then that thing
riding a bike helps prevent
Because of the stem of plants, they are able to do what in the soil
If a thing will take dirt and dead pieces of matter and process them through their own bodies, they are likely
Sara sorted her marbles into glass ones and marbles made of crystal. This is an example of
cutting down trees in a forest causes the number of trees to decrease where?
humans changing animal habitats usually causes harm to
DNA is a vehicle for passing inherited characteristics from parent to what?
A battery that is placed in vinegar will cause the vinegar to
Old glory waves thanks to a
if two students with identical genes grow at a different pace, what could be responsible?
Advances in food transportation lead to
Which of the following is more likely to create sound?
An example of a circuit would be
Obstacles that might impede a dune are
Why might owning a house on an ocean be an issue after a few decades?
Someone stops living when
If a thing is going to be a planet, it must orbit in a certain amount of time, which can exclude
Which acts as an insulator for electricity?
If acorns are moved around a neighborhood, then the most reasonable culprit is
Where would algae be safe from predators but likely die?
summer is when a hemisphere is tilted towards what?
What cells can perform photosynthesis?
All the food in the fridge is warm on a remote farm with a windmill. The most likely cause is
Dissolving sucrose makes liquids
If your were to sit still and stare at the sky for one of the earth's rotations, you will have wasted
Scavengers eat dead what?
If your body is hot, it will cool down if you put what on it
It's hard to manage a truck where there's
A substance that has two hydrogen atoms and an oxygen atom is
If you want to stay dry in the park you should avoid
little balls of H2O on the inside of a closed window came from
Which of the following would have best aided a vessel at sea in crossing the sea in the 18th century?
if a school cafeteria left their waste uncollected for a while, what might they attract?
the earth revolves around the sun in
Consumers eat other what?
To positively impact an ecosystem
animals learn some behaviors from watching their
Hot water is best when you want to
If a thing has a good impact on nature, it is most likely
Which relationship is true?
It's hardest to perceive in a flashlight's beam
Which animal will eat only plants?
Plants often use which enticing substance when attracting pollinators?
Moles are underground a lot of the time, and since few animals live there, they are unlikely to be
If birds are singing, the sun is shining, and temps are high, then
Which stores sustenance in the seed form?
Saturn hangs around because of
a decrease in visibility while driving can cause people to crash their what?
Who is in better shape?
Your body goes into starvation mode when you insufficient amounts of
Which of the following would push water out of its body to evade an orca?
a battery converts chemical energy into electrical energy to power a
Why are ferrous metals magnetic?
What have a negative impact on the environment?
Animals you see on the way to work or school, every animal on Earth does what?
A product that comes from the ground is likely
If you are having trouble seeing the TV, what can you do to see it more clearly?
A light bulb will turn on when what flows to it?
Elimination of their body's waste is
The sun is
in which one of these classes are you most likely to find graphite?
What has a positive impact on a bodies strength?
Living near any body of water puts your home at risk of flooding, if there is?
humans sometimes eat
If I wanted to use a tree as inspiration to make a house more sturdy what part would I use?
The color of our eyes are permanent because eye color is fixed at birth due to
Which would least likely help someone with bad vision?
A plant will get more light energy
Water will always make it's way to the
Which would likely displace a family of chipmunks?
Which can go in the recycled bin
chemical reactions cause
which of these would be most healthy?
Maglites use nickle with cadmium to produce
A bush that has water being moved around inside is doing so due to
One source of heat might be
a seismograph is a kind of tool for measuring the size of
Pollination is required for what to reproduce?
Honolulu was formed by
Which are likeliest to repel one another?
rocks often contain large amounts of
Why do companies heat up milk before they bottle it?
What does a beaver use to find something to munch on with?
A pepper would be hottest if it was
Waxy leaves are used by some plants for what?
during the winter, a man's central heating stops functioning. Which of these could be a lifeline?
When a person expires they
An organism that has an unusual habitat on it's back is
If a person wants to move heat quickly, they could use the sun's warmth. The best thing for absorbing it would be
An electromagnet contains cylindrical what?
What does the earth orbit that causes the seasons to change?
If a field is planted with something that will be sold later in the refrigerated section, then that something was intended to be consumed by
If a day goes by and night falls surprisingly quickly
Which of these would enjoy the flavor of honey?
usually plants die or become dormant after the
the lunar surface contains
As frozen water decreases more sunlight is
An adaptation that humans have created through the help of science is
What does a stove generate for cooking?
the winter solstice is on June 21st in the
glucose causes food to taste
If a hilly area that reaches incredible peaks is existing, then what happened long ago was
Cactus house a great amount of
if a solid piece stands out in the elements, and reduces in size over time, what might have happened?
A/an __________________ is reusable
An example of reproduction is
What could be a conductor of energy?
Eight month old tuna salad will make a person
if an organism makes food for itself then that organism needs to
Slurping down your urine shows you're
safety goggles are used for protecting the eyes during
natural disasters can cause animals to
if you increase the mass of a celestial body, it will
Which is true?
When would most people wear shorts?
Where do bees get nutrition?
The sidewalk next to a house having a crack in it and having vegetation growing from it is considered?
Dozens in your workplace are sick with the flu. To protect yourself, you might
If your grandma sends you out in the yard to get the weeds out of the garden she means to
Stopping the photosynthesis process would require
An hunter that wants to be undetected seeking out deer in the forest might
The winter solstice is the shortest day in the northern
A way for an octopus to evade predators is to
Metal is sometimes what?
hunting means humans stalk and murder animals in
January is during the winter in what location?
Which is likely to have come from the same supplier that the florist gets their product from?
An eagle will use their claws to catch which of the following?
Friction might be
Sailors guided themselves with the night sky using a
If you want to study a flower closely, use
A person in the tundra without a clothing will
Which is bad for the environment?
A thing that avoids all harm for its entire life will most likely avoid ever experiencing
birds lay
You can eventually obtain water from a lake even if it's
Galileo dismissed what as a mere star?
Some Eagles might even consume
A good place to use a thermometer is
the moon 's surface contains many
wildfire that is passed through the tree tops are dangerous, why?
One of the reasons some species go extinct is because predators
Guavas with many leaves
One way to remember the method of Scientific Classification is
Which is true?
Sprinklers during the summer is prohibited because of
Which of these could be a reason why the stars seem to be in a different place at dusk than at dawn?
Special tissues in plants transport minerals throughout what?
if a habitat is destroyed then that habitat
You can use what to fake sunlight for plants?
which one of these would make a great organic manure later on?
Breaking free from it's cocoon is the last part it's
which one of these places would a person have the least need for a clothes dryer?
in the presence heat, which of these comes about?
If a creek is headed to the west and a stone is tossed in and sinks, but a leaf also drops in and stays on top of the water, what will likely happen?
a little rat startles a cat and ends up as the cat's lunch. What does that make the car?
Single cell organisms can put an animal in the
steam is a kind of water above
As the earth tilts towards the sun you will see
A plastic toy reduced to a puddle was left on a
If a thing is a producer of pollen and seeds, it may be located in
If a young tern is found in a locked box, dead, without marks on it, a the most likely cause of death was
Marbles in the right light make
Which of these might use plants for an energy source
Who is likely to receive its coloration and hairy body from its parents?
The floating arrow on a compass always points away from the
a scuba diver startles an octopus, and suddenly the water changed color, what happened?
A good mixture would be
A sea cow would be most uncomfortable in
Clouds flit and flow
Which is likely to be a step in a shrub's reproductive process?
An example of evaporation is a body of water drying up by
What to humans do that causes animals to lose their habitats?
Which is likely to disappear?
a fish lives in water and filters the water through its
If one electrical conductor touches another one what will flow through them both?
Baking soda can react chemically with what?
Incinerating half a herd of cows means there will be
The size of a persons head is
To have a positive impact of the environment
It's easy to be crushed by rocks lounging
a solar panel converts astral radiation into electricity which charges a  rechargeable battery that can go into an
A contractor could take the granite off your kitchen counter and
a person takes a dive under the sea and feels faint, with a dart stuck to them. What might have happened?
A telescope is required for detailed observation of what?
Flashlights require batteries
If I wanted to make something move faster I could
Some plants have developed the ability to do what with their seeds?
Which of these allows humans to walk around?
What is most like a fish?
Which relationship involves inheritance of genetics?
Which is likeliest to attract a magnet?
Seals have an instinct to give birth in the same area every year. Where do seals give birth normally?
Which absorbs more sunlight?
sharp beaks are a kind of adaptation for catching
two females are incapable of
Sticky balls from a plant can grow a new plant miles from the original because
Herbivores who live in climates that get cold must find other sources of food in the winter because plants
Rabbits with white fur are hardest to detect in
How is a place of lower elevation affected by flooding when compared to a higher location?
Which are likeliest to rely on nonrenewable resources?
Cows only eat what?
One type of electrical circuit that requires a switch could be
To measure the length of a elephant's trunk you would need
What scratches glass easily?
It's quite common for birds feeding on seeds from flowering trees in some tropical waters to get weighed down, pricked and even entangled in the branches because
Which object would have more tightly packed matter
The largest amount of natural illumination will likely occur for a Floridian in
If a handheld cylinder is allowing people to see in the forest after dusk, then the item likely
The population of plants will go down if
What requires energy to move?
In the food chain process an animal has the role of consumer which eats producers for what?
For what purpose does a plant light serve?
If things are deposited consistently in dark, cavernous area, then a thing that could develop is
If food is cooked what kind of energy is added to it?
A bee is a pollinating
If a creature is looking for things but is using something other than its eyes or nose, then it is likely
Toucans' beaks are for show but also can be used for
Which of the following is an example of decomposition?
Sound pulses helps dolphins
Dropping butter into a boiling water would cause it to
Japan made Pearl Harbor
light can travel through
if a person found a toad in the water, where else would it normally be?
Someone stranded in the Sahara can potentially save their life with a
friction is used for stopping a vehicle by
The objects the push up through the deep black stuff that covers the ground gives us an item that is inserted in a sweet treat with a flaky bottom of flour  that can be eaten with ice cream on top?
Maggots eat flesh turning it into
Another term for wind energy is clean energy because the wind and air contains
What loosens soil?
If a person has an unwanted raccoon rifling thru their trash they should
A hot stove can burn
What can reproduce
Jackrabbits live in very hot environments, but are able to stay cool because their long ears help
The smallest known species of cactus, called Blossfeldia Liliputana, is named after
A stage in the life cycle process includes what aspect?
If a person is running a salad bar and needs to keep the bar cold, and therefore the ice frozen, they might
over a period of three years, a farmer cultivates, corn, millet and potatoes. What is this exemplary of?
You may need a raft after a
Of these, a wolf will make its home very nearest to
What would a squirrel like for nutrition?
if a salmon visits the site of its birth, what could be the reason for that?
Which likely provides a neutral effect to local organisms?
Reproduction produces what?
What will become magnetic in an electromagnet if the battery becomes active?
Without the sun providing warmth and light, life on Earth would
a man drives away from his dog, and the dog progressively got smaller in the rear view mirror. what was happening?
A scale is used to measure what?
The everglades where nearly wiped out by
If a dog is hunting, then
Nectar is used to attract pollinators to what?
Rabbits can be found in
All plants require this
deep sea animals live way down in the
looking directly at an eclipse of the Sun causes harm to the
Some animals change their appearance completely during a stage of the life cycle known as
Baby bats start doing what after at least a month after birth?
which one of these would ensure the least amount of risk to make contact with?
a producer is a source of energy for
If I hear about a warm front I can expect to bring what with me to work?
To have energy that will last your whole life you'd buy a
What substance found in rocks shares it's name with an object which can take wrinkles from an item worn on the body to cover the skin from the elements?
The below surface pebbles of the rio grande are of non rough edges because of?
recycling has a positive impact on the
What do you need to see a rainbow?
if members of a species are born then the species what increases?
if a tree stands firm during a windy day, which of these could be holding it in place?
A mammal usually nurses its what?
If you were looking for a cold blooded animal a donkey would be
Salt was at one time
As wolves need more energy to catch fast prey
A place without a sand bar is indicative of which of these characteristics?
A consumer is unable to produce its own what?
What is most impervious to an ax?
If an animals starts eating fewer calories than its used to, its body will eventually
Tectonic plates are like a large
If a thing is residing in a hollowed out part of a tree, then it is probably
Poison causes harm to
A gull will build a nest because
a paper clip is often made of ferromagnetic
One way to retain your own thermal energy is to
A decomposer might thrive more on
After a whiteout you need to
Which would you use to record a live basketball game
A heavy glacier moving across a continent affects what's underneath it by
Cold-blooded animals are unable to live in cold climates, which is why you always see this type of creature in  hot areas
oceans contains most of earth 's
A monkey births live what?
as a source of light becomes closer , that source will appear
some humans live in
which of these would have a better chance at thriving?
Rubber will keep
crumple means change shape from smooth into
cycles of day and night occur once per
What can cause a forest fire?
An example of playing a musical instrument is what?
It's most likely to rain when the color of the sky looks
An example of a conductor might be
in which of these conditions could one most likely skid off the road?
When observing animals in the wild, which of these are you most likely to see?
Thermal energy is used in a light bulb, which makes filaments
Which animal is likeliest to be hidden in plain sight?
An example of conservation is avoiding the use of
The elements will over time level
The movement of lava might be compared to that of a
A frog eats
You can hear
Many things in nature change during the seasons, and the most noticeable one in winter is that the plants all
Someone with Lupus is probably in
Seasonal water fall in Columbia causes whole towns to
The strength of a hurricane increases as moisture and what increase?
Bacteria will build up on food if you leave it out, so if you make sure its protected from the air, you can
Digestion is when an organism takes in nutrients from what?
If a day is dawning and grass is glistening, then
To make hydropower you need
Oak tree seeds are planted and a sidewalk is paved right next to that spot, until eventually, the tree is tall and the roots must extend past the sidewalk, which means
Which will take the longest to reach a boiling point
If a reptile were taken to the iceland it would
If a mouse is running in a field with a fence that will provide a shock to those that touch it, and the mouse tries to climb up it, it will most likely
A creature that completely goes unnoticed and unseen against a mottled leaf backdrop is probably
Which of the following resources can reproduce to replenish it's stock?
What makes it difficult to hear on the moon?
A person may inherit their mom's
Ice wedging is caused by cycles of freezing and thawing of what?
What will happen if more people bike instead of drive cars?
What is a likely product of a timber companies activities?
These would likely be broken down and recycled
If a house burns down, the goldfish inside may do what?
Frozen steak which has been in the sun all day will
If a liquid disappears then what probably happened to it?
Conserving water can be used for survival where?
If a see through thing is multifaceted, it is most likely
human planet revolves around the sun in
The many ponds in the area along with massive swarms of mosquitoes lead the dragonflies to
the cells of golden retrievers can
if a person wanted to hunt down some deer, which of these would be the wrong place to visit?
What does the earth orbit that causes the seasons to change?
If you wanted the visual effect of being closer to something without moving, what would you use?
kinetics change stored energy into motion and
Which orbits a star?
Angler fish hunt by using
One odd fossil that may have been discovered is
which one of these would be easiest to measure with a tape?
The earth has completed half of its yearly orbit of the sun and will complete the other half in
Light enters what through the pupil?
A mouse give birth to ____ while a bird give birth to ____
What is most likely to happen to a roof as the sun comes into contact with it?
Having a conversation in rooms with bare cement can be challenging because of
On a summer day, a dog stuck outside will
Imagine astronauts traveling to a distant asteroid as it passes near Earth. During their mission they leave behind boot prints. How long will these potentially last?
More sunlight will be absorbed by
A mother births what?
What would light bounce off of when it hits it?
What happens when animals in hot environments are active?
Tides can change in different locations because
How long is it between a moon phase?
How many phases are present in a closed flask if it contains ice, water and air
An example of a learned behavior is
How should John proceed with eating the fish he just caught?
pollination is when wind carry pollen from one flower to another
A place becomes chilly and then animals in that space
a revolution is when something revolves around
Where are you most likely to see a healthy amount of pollinating insects?
An example of replacing a natural resource like copper might be
A thing that is introduced to thermal activity will likely do this if it is able to drip:
There are 5 steps in the water cycle, it starts with evaporation, ends with infiltration, and then
What is something that could be made from iron?
Feces on the ground is an indicator of a nearby
Ground has
Coal might start out as
The substance that the respiratory system takes in from the air is released by
A balance is used to measure the what of  a substance?
Good stewards of the environment would
An innate instinct could be
Which of these could be separated with a sifter
feeders attract animals to a
A bobsled moves much faster as it leaves the concrete an touches the
if a person commits arson, which of these might be found as the source in the remains?
A circuit is parallel when more than one pathway has flowing what?
A cypress tree's stout roots splitting asphalt is an example of
Melissa observes a plant and records her observations. On Monday it is 4 cm tall. On Friday it is 5 cm tall. Melissa concludes that the plant is
the sun transfers solar energy from itself to the Earth through
Coral get their ____ from algae
Bacteria in the soil feed on
To grow, bamboo will require both of the following:
What is a source of energy for animals?
amphibians hatch from
Cola and mentos combined will
Beach gear that protects your peepers and looks cool is
Which of these can you use as much as you'd like of without diminishing it at all?
If a human has all their bones removed
a student leaves a bag of acorns on the playground, which one of these will most likely take it?
if a person takes in more food than their body needs at the time, what happens?
As bad water increases in an environment the number of aquatic animals such as zooplankton will
A pendant whipping indicates
Which likely can hydrate without moving?
A solid has a fixed shape. When liquid is boiled and turns into gas, its shape is
Unlike bird eggs, reptile's eggs are
An example of thermal energy is
If a hive of bees used to sleep through cold snaps, but now stay awake and productive during them, the hive probably
If a thing is tossed and goes uncaught, then it will
Skittles left in snow become
What is a source of oxygen through photosynthesis?
If rain is something other than clean, then water in that area will
Which is most characterized by the vibration of air?
An example of being a predator is
I can use a ruler to measure
an earthquake causes the ground to
Gas will rise when what happens to it?
Which is likely to be in a zoo exhibit?
What do white blood cells allow to stay in the body?
Bringing a stray cat to your home to live will be hard for it at first, but since animals adapt, it will
Paul's dog has just pooped on the lawn. The dog has
What can humans hide from weather in?
What provides the energy to open a doorknob?
People dumping their trash in the ocean does what to the animals and plant life
a retailer gets an order of aluminum delivered weekly. Where is the aluminum likely coming from?
Plants might use water and sucrose to create their own
which one of these is approximately opposite in acquisition to doing chores?
When a varmint eats a pear and discards the seeds what will develop
Within a power station meant to process coal, electricity is
An extremely rapid surge of rising flood water that moves across usually dry land at about 30 feet or more each second is powerful enough to
a person places a dime next to an object on a table. The dime moves toward the object on its own. Which of these is likely to be that object?
Which is a producer?
Jays find nutrition in
What uses eyes to see by sensing light?
A crowd-source worker wants to track when a certain task drops. They would
Falcons reside best in
What might have more closely packed matter
if an animal skips the pupa stage in its metamorphosis, what does that characterize?
which one of these would be an original form of what powers most autos?
What can you see yourself in?
Where is a mama bear likely to find food?
You can work longer when
Which is likely the least helpful for the good bacteria that help your body?
Alligators have a
which of these is the primary source of light of our planet?
which of these would make a better material for an electronic device component?
If all the water in the Atlantic ocean evaporated, the Atlantic ocean will
A plane travels through the air surrounding a
What is most likely to set the woods alight?
Glaciers have
Which requires an outlet?
On what product might you find a reflector?
a couple sits on a meadow enjoying a nice picnic, when something runs by with a terrible smell. what could it be?
An plant that requires lots of watering would do better in
In some fish, their fins may be used for
A dead giant sequoia
Who can hear sounds?
What would a polecat leave in a chair?
What requires nutrients for survival?
which of these would get bigger and recover from injuries better?
What will, for all intents and purposes, never run out?
Pasteurization kills
Insomniacs are less healthy than other people because they
More sleep leads to
A coal miner would is most likely to get
When a stick is smashed across the side of an oak, their interiors, on a microscopic level,
In December around 3pm I will avoid using
If the days are more chilled than before, and yet still avoid freezing degrees, a likely assumption is that
Powdered substances such as oregano and pepper that are used to add flavor to foods come from
You can use plants like star anise for
Large trees block sunlight from reaching what?
All animals need to be what during cold conditions in order to survive?
What requires warmth for survival?
A thing which is renewable and is also a resource is definitely
What resources can be used over again?
Pollution is
Pollution is a source of what?
Small reptiles in Texas can be brown or green on command, we call this
A thing which is invisible to the passing gaze, yet has a visible form is probably
A monkey grabs a banana in order to
Blocking a river creates homes for
If a thing is going to be relocated with a shove, then
Relocating a stalled vehicle requires a lot of
Things occurring in stoney areas produces all of these:
Diamonds are made and dispersed by
Which of these animal traits is generally determined by environmental factors rather than heredity?
A tiger with a stubby tail most likely
A producer is relocated from a small pot into a wild forest. The producer is able to do this with relative ease:
Which two forces are likely the cause of canyons?
If a thing is using other animals for nourishment, then the thing is a
What eats other animals for food?
Which likely would be a reason a deer leaves its habitat?
Whitetail are found in what kind of habitat
A ferret darting around a space in the wild in a panic is likely
Some animals escape predators by moving how?
If a person wants to help the environment, that person should
Which is likely the material used to make an eco-friendly sculpture?
In order for an animal to need to hibernate, they must be of the species that
Yeast deposited in an oven from a closet
Wind can
Which would likely displace a desert?
After being driven, a car's hood feels
What usually occurs over a period of many years?
A thing that is weathered from a large item to tiny items has existed for an amount of time over between
we only have diamonds because of the existence of
Which likely changed the remains of prehistoric living things into natural gas?
When light enters the eye through the pupil the light falls on the what?
A retina may be illuminated by
Certain species of which type of animal gives live birth?
Which is most likely to occur?
If a living animal is going to be in an ideal situation, at a minimum it will have
A dark cave fulfills what need for a wild, roaming grizzly bear?
Holding a hot dog over a campfire makes it
Which of the following likely make up a path for electrical energy to travel to a device?
Soil has everything a tree needs to
Where does August take place during the winter?
If it's freezing in New Zealand than it's the what month
diamonds exist because of the existence of
Sarah has one piece of wood that is smooth and polished and another that is rough and unfinished. Which of the following is true?
A brick wall stops
seed dispersal is when the seeds of a plant are moved from the plant to a new what?
If the source of a bean is very far away, and the bean becomes a source for another, separate bean, then the original bean was
Which is a source of kinetic energy?
John's dog seemed to be getting chubby. He concluded that
Which would make an animal fat?
A source of heat could be
If a person is choosing to be near a metal heat source, normally located on a building's interior wall, then that person
You wake up north of the equator, and you notice the sunrise happening earlier than yesterday and later than the day after, what day could it be
In which of these locations is the winter solstice on December 21st?
Duracell's convert chemicals to
Every one of these would be considered a fossil but what?
When liquefied soil flows over carcasses and drys it will become
If a tree is cut down what will happen to it?
A supermodel with a big nose probably
What material can be used to transmit power to a light bulb?
What is often brackish in an estuary?
A thing that may be weathered when a plant lays down roots is
Finches love
What requires nutrients to grow?
After a storm
What would thrive if Eagles died out
a decline in the number of predators often leads to
If our earth is anything, it is this
As bacterial resistance to antibiotics rises, the ability of medical professionals to
as the resistance to something increases , how easily that something can be done will do what?
Living underground can be used for hiding from what?
During a prolonged shortage of water, a tree's ability to add extra tissue and grow thick rings is slowed and the tree produces
Being near buildings or houses is the worst spot to be when there is an earthquake as you are likely to be
If an organism dies then the population of that organism will what?
A piece of pizza is placed within a box and becomes this when something is conducted throughout the box into the food:
Thermal conduction is when materials conduct what through those materials?
Water will become vapor quicker in
When would a puddle get smaller and disappear the fastest?
If the crust of a planet is adjusted in short order, a likely culprit is
In December in the northern hemisphere you need
A person who is working on setting up power for their cottage will avoid
What environment has low rainfall?
Which type of vegetation could you find in areas with low rainfall?
What rotates on its axis?
The animals that never migrate never do so because they were born
Naomi looks around outside on a prairie and it is cloudless but the sun is nowhere to be seen. It is
When the sun is set it is called what?
An item that might have more tightly packed matter is
Cells can make up components of prisons, jails, holding areas and
migration is when what move to different locations in an annual cycle?
A goose in the autumn is most likely
When the moon orbits our planet
Which causes the electric fan to work?
Eureka lemon trees gain 12-24 inches in the spring due to
A patch of thistle grows larger when this is increased:
matter in the liquid phase has what shape?
An acquired characteristic is
If a fish lives in water that is very dark, the fish may calibrate its body over time to
Which relationship is true?
If you want to watch TV it must first have
Which would you have the most difficult time spotting in the woods?
The outer shell of our planet is made of
Using what the surface of the Earth is made of, you could build
In which situation would there be the greatest amount of humidity?
Greenhouses are structures used to house plants during
Lungs are to hampsters as ________ are black tipped sharks.
Gills are used by what for breathing water?
Some of these creatures with fluffy butts live in grassy areas
Where would a hare live?
if a person looked a their head in a mirror, and moved toward it, what would happen?
A telescope uses what to redirect light
When the Mountain held the Hound's face to the fire, it caused
Fires, although dangerous might help with
In a system of a body, this thing is broken down into smaller pieces to be effectively used:
Which likely occurs in the digestive system?
A creature that is incapable of giving birth to offspring that are living as they exit is the
What gives birth to live young?
thermal energy insulators are often good electrical insulators like:
A mechanism that a ____ uses is a ____
As rain freezes in the mountains it splits
What conducts electricity?
Cars are big polluters because they release toxins from the gas into the air making it
Adding something poisonous to an environment and harming it is called what?
A seaman will likely use this tool more than other:
____ burns from the energy of ____
Which would you use a graduated cylinder for?
Sleet is made of what?
Lifting weights damages your cells, so in order for them to be repaired and grow bigger, you need to
When the moon, sun, and earth line up, tides are at their
When the earth shades part of the moon at night it's called
An exertion on a thing that is going against the thing's intended direction, when in motion will
If you need something to mix kool-aid, what would you avoid?
To function, electrical energy is required for what kind of devices?
Heat causes you to sweat, so at which time of day will you sweat most?
An amphibian has what temperature blood?
Which animal is warm blooded?
Which is more likely the result of a big earthquake
Earthquakes cause rock layers to do what?
Which of the following would likely reduce pollution the most?
A way in which humans may cause pollution to the environment is
Magma is sourced in volcanoes and
What will it be harder to see as light pollution increases?
The more factories and cars there are releasing gas in the air, the harder it will be to
A quail's life starts after it leaves the
A thing which may be found at a special location for reusing materials is a
Flowers make themselves attractive to hummingbirds with
If a person wants to watch the eclipse
In an auction, how might a seller avoid too much of a loss?
If above your head in the out of doors is gray during the daylight hours then the likeliest need for your travels that day would be
Because clouds are what make rain, storms are unlikely to happen when the sky is
Sparrows gain lift with more grace than a vulture due to
A producer produces it's own
In the food chain process what has the role of producer?
What's usually hot in temperature?
Which thrives in unusually hot and dry places?
Rock that has been metamorphosed will have potentially withstood this to get to that point
A rock tumbler revolves to
If you are at a pond throwing rocks, what picnic leisure item should a rock look most like for skipping?
A kitten is born and a person who is petting it can know that it
Two felled trees, split in twain, with the same number of rings, means they're the same
The outer casing of a tree expands how many times a year
a car engine usually converts gasoline into motion and heat through what?
The arctic environment mostly reflects all colors from the closest star because
A thing which has a texture may have that texture observed by an eyeless creature through
If an area is experiencing a drought, how can they overcome the lack of water?
the Grand Canyon was formed by the Colorado River doing what over long periods of time?
Which of these uses shelter for protection against weather?
Bobby had a new toy. It had lots of buttons on it. One of the buttons had a picture of a cow on it and every time Bobby pushed that button the toy would make a mooing noise. That's because
Which likely completes a circuit?
The sun is the what that is closest to earth?
What can you make with the stove?
A man will most likely be unable to see if he gets lost in
What dense environment is often dark in color?
the circulatory system carries oxygen from the digestive and respiratory systems to the rest of the what?
See evaporation in action by
An Afghan Hound get all its hair from
You'd best bring water if you go to
the moon is lacking what?
A person avoiding UV rays would
Which two letters are most associated with painful, red flesh?
What has more mass than the moon?
If you place a piece of paper on a hot object it will leave a
Which is true?
A cat's body temperature would be highest if immersed in
Heat exposure at higher temperatures without ability to regulate internal body temperatures will result in the expiration of which of these?
If you're stranded on a desert for a week without clothes, you're likely to
Bees
Where might you find a live, breathing eagle?
Which is true?
mechanical weathering is breaking down what by mechanical means?
Avoiding fossil fuel usage is an example of what?
Which would be conserving resources?
At first glance the car seamed very small but just before it hits a person it will appear
A place where penguins exist with pods of black and white mammals is
Aside from plants, lizards also eat bugs for
An example of creating an alternative fuel is turning what material into fuel?
Which of the following is true?
Pesticides are used on a lot of crops, so it is best to wash them before consumption in order to avoid
Who would be healthier?
Which habit is healthiest for humans?
Which can be used to pass information from one person to another?
A radio is used for what?
The state of a gas vaporized from a surface liquid under increased pressure and higher temperatures is
You are likely to find the fewest amount of animals in
There are zero amphibians on
During the rainy season in a city, the amount of sunlight in the city will
An insect may pose as bird poop to
An example of camouflage could be
An example of a house hold item that could be an insulator could be
The temperature of a monitor lizard will increase if it
A person may find themselves shading their eyes in the evening if they are driving
every four seasons a cedar expands it's
Which can happen during an experiment that might be dangerous?
Which is likely to have a means to transport water from the dirt to the rest of its body?
A thing which makes shifts to different forms may be gaining the ability to do so due to
A chocolate rabbit melts away from
Where would a polar bear be happiest?
Polar bears live in cold what?
Gloves over hands protect what from feeling
When you scream in an empty room, you hear an echo due to the noise
A cell can photosynthesize if it is
Screws and bolts are needed to do what with a bike?
Which converts sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide to grow?
What requires photosynthesis to grow?
Nocturnal predators hunt when?
This animal thrives while the sun is down
Which is least likely to be an ecosystem?
Which contain seeds?
In humans, bacteria can help digest what?
It is vital to your health to have a
An example of a change in the Earth is when a volcano, resembling a tall mountain, violently explodes and
What typically occurs from a few seconds to under half of a minute?
An object can be seen if it reflects light toward what?
Tendons work with what to move the bodies skeletal system
A scar will develop from a
Which is likely to provide an undesired acquired characteristic for an organism?
As a soccer ball goes flying through the air, the person watching it knows that the reason is because
To discover how tough a certain mineral may be, one would
24 hours is equal to one what?
Which would likely decrease the food in an environment?
which form of transportation has zero emissions?
Which of these is less likely to cause pollution
Which would likely be to blame for removal of habitats?
moist means high in what?
Why would a bear eat so much that his fat wobbles when he walks?
Which of these animals could keep itself warmest?
Plants expel a gas that
Which likely is using its circulatory system?
Where's the best place to use water to power a lighthouse?
What requires energy for survival?
Living things all require energy for what?
If a bean is a mile away from where it originated , and then it develops into a plant which produces more beans, then that original bean most likely
Reproduction occurs when?
Which is likely true of hurricanes?
as a source of light moves directly overhead of an object , the size of the shadow of that object will do what?
If someone wants you to stop, they want you to
Melting point means temperature at which a solid does what?
A rocket's movement is most like a
One of tunas favorite prey is the
Iron sticks to
Which of these objects would attract a magnet?
If you flick an empty glass of water with your finger it will
What rises and sets causing cycles of day and night?
When the sun rises, there is light and it is daytime. When is it night time?
It's important to do this if you want your lab experiment to be performed correctly.
An unwillingness to listen to guidelines leaves data completely
This white object is visible due to being close to earth
What's used by migrating animals to find locations?
A seismometer would be ineffective
A person stranded in the tundra is likely to
Which likely would suffer in the arctic?
To destroy embarrassing evidence you can
A gila monster will likely have to interact negatively with
Which relationship is most true?
Much iron is in
Drinking cola daily removes layers from the surface of
Seconds are used to measure
As Ethanol burns it expels what into the ozone
When a human's organs stop working and he stops breathing, that person
When the Platypus emerges and new life into the pouch it has been
The topography of our only natural satellite's surface is
A thing which is a producer in the food chain is most likely to be a
Jerry noticed that his dog was leaving a lot more fur on his couch than he did a month earlier. That might be because
In May I have a black cat what might I be unable to wear?
Ice melting erodes
Why would something appear blue?
if two equal forces in opposite directions act on an object then that object will stay where?
Air is blowing a ball equally from east and west, the ball will do what?
Which of the following items can perform photosynthesis?
The cell of a plant when photosynthesizing may most require
A pulley is used to lift what on a flagpole?
Explosions can cause harm to what?
Which is likeliest to harm an organism?
If you missed the rising moon today you will have to wait till when to see it again
All the plants in an area have died from a fire. Why would carnivores like foxes be less abundant as a result?
Which only needs sparse water?
A storm moving over the earth will dump more rain on a
What is the effect of erosion on a river?
Erosion can make a source of H2O
With the decrease in size of Antarctica Fiji will soon be
Which is the most likely factor for the amount of available ocean space increasing?
A new what occurs once every 3 months?
A thing with cells is going to expand, but first requires
A living thing requires what to grow?
Which can be fully toggled back and forth
What does a four leaf clover need to feed itself?
Scientists are experimenting to develop microbes that can live off surplus electricity and CO2 to produce
What is the use of organisms preserved in sedimentary rock?
In the natural world, camouflage is used by animals to
Plants use the water for their
With wind gusts and green skys you should pack
Your clothes likely will be soaked if the skies are
Which does light from the sun arrive at in final time length?
The last celestial body in our solar system without an orbit is
A proper meal for a raccoon could be
raccoons eat what?
If you wanted to make a metal bed frame, where would you start?
What causes erosion?
If a thing has been taken from a large object and made much smaller, even minuscule, and this was done over many years, the likely culprit was
What relationship is most likely?
Carnivores' only source of what comes from other animals
An alien creature is found on earth. Researchers discover that it will eat worms, insects and small rodents, but shuns bananas, leaves and cucumbers. Which of these could be true?
An object converts electrical energy into sound on a
What requires sunlight to grow?
In order for crops to grow food safely, pesticides are used on them. When it floods, this causes what to be poisonous?
The only resource that is replenished every time there's a hurricane is
The elements changed America's tallest peaks into
If a thing is near a planet, yet a planet is orbiting something else, the orbiting item circling the planet is likely
A series of small holes that lead to various locations are found in soil where these legless things burrow:
The mantle is
If a person's age is celebrated in adulthood, then it happens every
Which is likeliest to be torn by human hands?
People often tear
Which would likely lessen the impact of climate change the most?
If a habitat that supports itself is flourishing, improvements may still be made by
objects made of what cause refraction of light?
Which would least refract light?
More butterflies will come as buttercups become more
Which two objects are likely to be magnetic?
A warm glass place in the fridge will
Which is likely to catch airborne water vapor on its sides?
I would have a harder time sliding with my socks on
friction acts to counter the motion of two objects when their surfaces are what?
A wolf would eat
Foxes eat
What fails to work during a power outage?
It's easier to spot something small twenty feet away on a cloudless day if
A decrease in trees may be attributed to
If soil is loose, it makes it what for oxygen to get in?
The looseness of soil increases the amount of what in it?
Something that could cause harm to an animal could be
Which is likeliest to harm the snowy owl population in an area?
This seed carries food:
What have a negative impact on the environment?
A bad spot in town, as far as nature and the health of Earth is concerned, will be
if an object undergoes chemical change then that object will have new chemical what?
Laser anemometers help manufacturers of cars, airplanes and spacecraft to produce efficient vehicle designs that
Which is true
What time are you most likely to see a rainbow
Why might a polar bear grow white hair?
As the earth glides from winter into spring you will witness
Which of the following actions can make electrical energy brighten your room?
Which is an electrical energy conductor?
This object in your pocket is the most likely to shock you
If I wanted to build endurance I could
An example of combining two substances is
A plant needing to photosynthesize will best be able to
If a being is moving regularly, then that being is
What kind of impact does exercise have on a humans health?
Animals help with seed dispersal due to the seeds from the fruit they eat being
f a plant shows up in a new place, what might have happened?
A creature that is a biped and which regularly uses tools will occasionally enjoy munching on
Humans sometimes eat what?
specialized tissues at the ends of plant stems are used for growing taller by what?
Which most likely requires the aid of specialized tissues at the ends of stems?
a Punnett square is used to identify the percent chance of a trait being passed down from a parent to its what?
The dust bowl happened because of
Max mixed some orange flavored powder in a glass of water until there it was dissolved. His sister tasted it and it tasted like
A dog can breathe
Animals are just like humans in that if they run out of oxygen, breathing is impossible and
Which is the likeliest part of a pencil to have been mined?
When writing with an instrument one sharpens, the leftovers when pressed to paper is
A seismograph is a kind of tool for measuring the size of
What property of waves matter when the ground shakes?
Who stalks dragonflies south?
What is changed when an object is painted?
Marble is unable to form while lava
You are hiking up the side of an inactive volcano, what are you most likely to find?
Which substance is likely present for the birth of a mountain?
Volcanoes, have a
Above your head, the daylight sky is gloomy and dark, despite the hour of day. The wisest thing to bring with you on this summer afternoon is
Visibility while driving is decreased by bad what?
Driving during a snow storm or strong thunderstorm is a bad idea because bad weather makes it
_____ tide is a stage in the tide cycle process that surfers like the best
As the hours tick passed noon and the day warms, the cottage living room will
Without this a sword would be made of wood
Which makes a sound when you interact with it?
With the addition of thrusters your forward momentum will
A reflector is used to reflect
Who'd be able to see a rose is pink at night?
Which is hotter?
The people who live after you will appreciate it if you take your glass bottles and
Pollination is required for what reproduction?
Which likely aids in plant reproduction?
What is undesirable in a vegetable garden?
If a weed is pulled then the weed is what?
A space exists where there is room for things with cells to propagate, so it is most likely
Some animals use rocks as a means of what when there is bad weather?
Which would likely live under a rock?
There will be more rattlesnakes if a rattlesnake has
Female birds sit in what?
Corn and wheat are among the favorite foods of
Some farmers make a very good living because the crops they grow are sold to lots of people for
Absorbing sunlight causes objects to what?
An attractive woman got her eye color via
Robins will often devour
Which is likely to rot?
A producer makes its own:
A willow can make its own
What requires energy for growth?
At a specific point in a frigid month, the waking hours illumination will be
What stimulants taste buds sour and
Which likely would taste most similarly to sugar?
What drifts above the earth longer?
In order to play with a beach ball, you need to fill it with
All predators are also carnivorous because predators
Which relationship is likely true?
Milk sold in supermarkets is pasteurized because
Which of the following breathes?
After the Meyer tree's flowers pedals drop you are left with
Because lack of sustenance 1 out of 4 people are
A lone fox is searching for its next meal in a meadow that used to be bountiful with food. This season, though, rabbits have all been eaten up and the field is dry and barren. The fox may
Which would likely most impact a barometer?
Which likely has a negative impact?
Flashlights require batteries
People are switching from coal to wind to
A cardinal makes brief contact with a picnic table, and between them there is
There is more friction the more rough a surface being touched has, so the most friction would be found in
You find iron in
Which evaporates from its container when used?
A person is looking at an organism naked to the human eye. Desiring to observe it more clearly, a person engages the use of
In the food chain process fungi have the role of what?
An example of an instinctive behavior is a baby bird pecking at its shell to what?
A creature exhibiting an instinctive behavior may
As the use of alt bio fuels increases, the use of what will decrease?
What is made of minerals?
A lake with two buckets of ice water poured into it each day will likely
Before spring can arrive a squirrels must gather nuts to make it through
What your body looks like and how it functions is something that is
What causes direct damage to the lungs?
Two parakeets, each in a separate house, each in a windowless room, may share information through
A creature of a certain age lays a clutch, so it is probably a
This animal evolved to reproduce using protective containers instead of live little entities:
Salamanders might be found under
Rabbits are herbivores, meaning they only
which is most likely to be eaten by a rabbit
Which plant absorbs the most sunlight?
A suit of armor pulls which of these to it easily?
This is likely magnetic:
What would classify students in a class differently?
Asking a blind person to look at something is rude because they are
Glasses help you
Digestion is when stomach acid breaks down what?
Which likely is digested by the body?
The greater of number of inhabited buildings in a space
Our only star provides us with energy that is
What is a renewable source?
Plants would be unable to stand if they lacked
Sycamores have the worlds largest
Which is most accurate?
if two objects have the same charge then those two materials will effect each other how?
A cousin to the mole survives on
Shivering is when an animal creates heat by shaking to keep the body what?
If a species of plant or animal ceases to exist on earth, either by natural causes or by activities of humans, the loss of the plant or animal
red hornets can sting you multiple times with their
Which would likely cause an injury to a baby?
Where might you find eggs?
Which is more likely to be able to develop?
When droplets freeze as they assail from high above they become
What weather phenomena can crack your windshield?
Which is most helpful to a constipated Elephant?
Eagles eat what?
Which would likely protect a rabbit?
Marshmallows plus ____ technically make a different substance.
Which number is likely an inherited characteristic of a human?
You are unable to naturally make yourself taller because height is determined by
Which would an ecologically minded individual most support?
There is a growing movement to harness the power of wind in order to
Older plants will most-likely have more leaves than when
What would you likely notice the taste of?
What tastes flavors?
Which likely has the highest force exerted upon it?
A yellow dwarf is an origin of
Which likely most relies on its looks to reproduce?
Landfills can cause
A  cast iron stove uses what as fuel
When a vegetative organism lifeform goes into a state of creating a life from itself, what is it called?
Ligers are less likely to thrive when there is
All of the following contain chloroplasts but this
A squirrel likely
Herbivores need to stock up on food before winter because
Metamorphosis is complete at
A moth undergoes what?
Parents genes will determine the rabbits
A baby bear has golden fur which is medium length. The reason for this is most likely
Which would likely reproduce?
What's above the muscles and needs direct sunlight
The largest organ of the human body is what?
Bluebirds are found in
More sunlight will be absorbed by
Jenny was outside facing her house holding a compass. The needle of the compass was facing her house. Staying in one place she turned around and around, stopping several times. She noticed that whichever way she faced
Above 100 degrees Celsius a kind of water is what?
if one electrical conductor contacts another electrical conductor then what will flow through both conductors?
Which likely increased atmospheric CO2 recently?
What absorbs nutrients from soil into themselves through their roots?
An example of an electric insulator could be
Which Disney character was a herbivore?
An herbivore will
Why would philanthropists donate special straws to help poor countries?
treating water is used to remove harmful substances before what?
An inherited characteristic from my dad is
Which of these are inherited instead of acquired?
Children are more likely to get smallpox if
In the 60's people watched on TV while for the first time people walked on
A person in a suit near a sunken ship is sprayed in the face with a dark substance by
Octopuses excrete an ink as defense when
Gravity lessens as you go
Humans moving into an environment usually causes native species to lose their what?
A creature lives in a portion of forested area, and only is able to live in that area. A group of bipeds begin to make their own homes in that space. The creature which originally lived there is most likely to
Jim was looking straight at his neighbor's bright Christmas display but it looked very dim to him. That's because
Which is true about flashlights?
What changes an ecosystem?
Which of these industries is most likely to effect an ecosystem?
What do you have the most time to paint a nature scene outside?
What force causes a compass in Illinois to point towards Wisconsin?
Who would likely need a compass?
Warm weather organisms live in what kind of climates?
A squid can swim faster by using the what from its body thrusts?
If a load of deer are moved to a small park, and they are repeatedly sprayed with pesticides, the
harming an animal species causes that animal 's population to do what?
A creature is able to receive nutriment throughout their limbs due to
A rabbit receives his essential elements from his
This likely relies on a circuit being closed
to determine how firm a certain mineral may be a person can:
You can etch the surface of a windshield with
Rocks are most likely to kill you while
This would be associated with a lack of sunlight:
Kool-aid is a mix of what items as a solution?
If a large boulder is kept in direct sunlight it can
If a rock has been exposed to prolonged heat, what might the effect be?
Caribbean natives have a dark skin tone do to
Which would likely transfer special heat via waves?
In the tree reproduction process a squirrel has the role of seed what?
Which would likely occur as a result of logging?
A flashlight can be used to
Where is a portable way of creating light most useful?
A thermometer would be used to
What helps creates new material in the soil?
Ducks might their webbed appendages to
If an environment experiences a long drought
Building which of the following would cause an animal exodus from the region?
Which would a strawberry most rely on to ensure it gets planted?
The last stage of the water cycle is collection, after that is evaporation when water is transformed to vapor. What happens next?
In the morning, Rebecca saw some fluid in the gutter. Later, it was gone. What happened to it?
In order for a crane to operate properly it requires
If a thing is going between liquid and solid, it is likely to
If an ice cube that weighs 2 ounces melts, in liquid form, it will
A koala's home can be destroyed because of
If a bright thing in the sky that is something other than our Sun does something in just under a month, it is likely
When fish travel in the opposite direction of flow they are going to
as the number of pollinators attracted to a flower increases , the ability  to reproduce will increase for what?
The more bees a dandelion entices the more it
Listeria can make you
Bacteria can cause people to become what?
You can make an untraceable bullet with
If standing on sparking wires, you feel nothing because
Which setup likely refracts light?
Depending on the type of bird, it could have different what when compared to another bird
The digestive system digests what for the body?
A load of nutriment, when consumed, will be
Lucy left a pan half full of water in the sun and it dried up in one afternoon.
An example of evaporation is a body of water drying by by absorbing what energy?
Which would freeze last?
A chemical reaction can be caused by
Controlled burns help prevent wildfires by cleaning up
To calculate distance divided by time you would need a
Thicker layers of skin would best suit
Thick feathers can be used to stay what?
Some birds have adapted to their cold environment by over time evolving to have thicker feathers in order to
Amoebas have zero options and must preform
If one is hitting ebony and ivory and making sound
a flood is occurring there was most likely
More dirt and sand gets deposited in a flat area near a river whenever
If the part of a tree that contains chloroplasts has flatter surfaces they have more
If an scientist is stationed in the south pole during their winter, what season is it in the arctic region
Bees are key to a flowers
Which animal interacts most with a peony?
A thing which has great physical capacity is most likely
Bears will always have longer life cycles than a
Which is the best thing to do for an environment?
A tree can be replaced by planting a new what?
Which is likely considered soft?
When a cell takes in in oxygen an use cellular respiration it will then expire
If you were to miss winter how many seasons would you have to wait till you saw it again
There are 4 seasons a year, meaning a new one
Which of these live on land as adults?
A person with a pet amphibian will likely feed it
Winter in the Northern Hemisphere
It is hotter in December than other months. Where are you likely located?
An active oven will make the mercury in a thermometer go
What object would absorb the most solar energy?
Gravity is an example of which?
Which is likely to cause a spark?
dry wood easily what?
what is the speediest healer?
What is the source of energy for life on earth?
Organisms exist only because of the energy from
What environment is often green?
Standing on a plastic tote will
Pushing a little kid on a swing is easy because they are light. It will require more strength to push when
Which of the following would be reason for animals to leave their environment?
What entity does the earth orbit that causes the seasons to change?
Plants and trees suck up carbon dioxide, so if trees are cut down, carbon levels will
Which is likeliest to make noises from its mouth?
A bunch of lava that is sitting somewhere could create on its own
A typhoon can potentially cause
Even items such as rocks mass can be changed due to which process?
sugar dissolves in what when they are combined?
As altitude increases air pressure will do what?
As the pull of gravity decreases air molecules
An example of an offspring receiving a gene is
A scale is used to measure what?
Wind is a resource we can renew because there is an
Ethanol sometimes might be
Other than sight bloodhounds can find a meal by
As water increases in an environment the number of aquatic animals such as zooplankton, nekton, and benthos will
mimicry is used for avoiding predators by animals by camouflaging as what kind of animal?
Butterflies will often times have coloring that at look like eyes on their wings for
condensation is a stage in what cycle process?
Which would mandate replacing natural resources?
At the end of their season lumberjacks will seed a new
You find a furry creature walking around. What feature would also describe this animal?
What is part of an ecological system?
If something is in an ecosystem, it could be
The crust is made of different kinds of
If a species of animal is endangered or going extinct, it's because too many of them have stopped
Which is an example of solid matter
What typically occurs between a sixth and a half of a minute?
An example of camouflage is when an organism looks like what?
This animal is able to blend into its environment by changing its appearence
A cougar eats
People are switching to electric cars because cars that use gas
Why are electric cars better for the atmosphere than traditional cars?
Poison causes harm to what things?
If a person dies from a snake bite, the person was probably bitten by a
A lion with bones protruding from underneath its fur has been
If your dog is getting noticeably skinnier, you need to
Dead organisms are the source of what for decomposers?
What is decomposed in decomposition?
When is fog most likely to occur
It's too foggy to see more than two feet on a highway. This is because of
As an airboat moves from grass to water it will
A cat and a snake are both predators for several of the same animals. If there are only seven mice in a habitat shared by a cat and a snake, there will be
Which are in opposition for similar chow?
Snowy means a large amount of what?
If you hear that its snowy outside, you can expect there to be
If a rock is sedimentary then
At the beach you are likely to find this type of stone:
If a plant is being nourished throughout all of itself, the reason is most likely
Some humans live in what?
If a biped which uses tools is in an ideal habitat, there will be within it
Consuming from an aluminium container, a human is likely enjoying
This is most likely to be conserved:
Electric cars can have _______ and still run
Which would be most useful in determining an areas climate?
The usual kind of weather in a location is called what?
An example of an electrical conductor could be
What is a vehicle for the flow of electricity?
Which three events are likely to occur once per day?
If something has a membrane within another thing, it is likely
Skidding causes friction, as seen in
Weathering is the eventual reason that
A landslide may bring immense problems to
Which is a byproduct of a lightbulb?
Which is loudest?
Food is less risky to consume when
Illness is prevented in people by reducing what in food?
A farmer is getting a worse crop yield every year, what method might be causing this?
Which traits could be pass along using reproduction and genetic material?
A creature that is lacking domestication, and is also lacking a wild space, perhaps occupies
Some people have an
Which of these is more likely to cause a fracture from swinging
A child will only grow if they are provided with
Animals adapt to their what?
Desalinating water from the ocean does what to nearby fish?
A caterpillar is a part one of the mundane four stage life cycle of
A thing which has something firmly raked over it may
A mouse will most likely be hunted by an animal with
What are predators?
Charring is a result of
Which would a fire likely be the cause of?
Pines will continue to grow making them
The world is starting to use oil less and less because it is unable to
Which are all likely enabled by rock folding?
A cow would prefer
The Norwegian government maintains a special storage chamber 800 miles from the Arctic Circle for use in the event of a man-made or natural disaster. The storage structure is built in Arctic permafrost and holds
To replenish the shade in a city that had been provided by trees that were felled by a storm:
Which area would be brightest, if you woke up there?
This creature eats cheese and is unable to lay eggs
a hawk will use their claws to touch which of the following?
Swords are drawn to
The best time to have an all-day BBQ in the northern hemisphere is
The main reason people want to use wind as an energy source is because there is
The producer makes its own:
It's wrong to
Something that may effect a child negatively could be
Quartz are in
Self-absorbed people most love
Which can view an ocean?
Elk are protected where?
It is illegal to kill animals in
What loosens soil?
Loose dirt in a garden may be from
Which is an example of measuring?
A thing which is measured, such as a bucket of salt, needs to first be
Who is most likely to die of old age?
A nightcrawler will most likely reside and consume nearest
Which is true about zebrafish?
A lizard that passed away centuries ago may be viewed most easily today in some ways through
Which has a child that will miss out on being a pupa?
if something is outside during the day then that something will receive what?
How long did it take the Grand Canyon to form? A
In order to safely eat meat, you need to do what to it?
A riverbank is made of what?
Plants are like all other organisms, in that they need what to survive?
If a thistle is going to expand, it requires
To create paper you will first have to acquire a supply of
A consequence of creating thousands of notebooks is
Which is a cause of greenhouse gases?
Which of the following actions qualifies as cooking food?
cooking food requires adding what?
Tropical storms get their fuel from the
Lions and zebras live
We will eventually exhaust our supply of
Which organism would eat fish and live in marshland?
Without  photosynthesis, animals that rely on plants for this would be out of luck.
If you wanted to see the source of sunshine you would look at
Which is likely to be hotter?
The hotter a liquid gets, the faster
What requires an electrical conductor?
A planet that revolves around a star is exposed to what?
Which is successful reproduction?
The only way for mammals to have a family is to
reproduction is when an organism passes genetic information from itself to its what?
A company which causes long lasting products will likely?
What requires soil to grow?
The function of your lungs be impaired on
Jackrabbits excel at staying cool because of
If you had a hammer, you would find ____ nails made of ____
Like humans, when some animals get hot, they do what in order to lower their body temperature
When working with chemicals in the lab, avoid getting hurt by
Which uses a nonrenewable resource?
Soil is an example of what type of resource for growing plants?
Which is least likely to need to take in air?
If I want to avoid too much ultraviolet rays I can
Which would likely need a hot plate?
A person has a cup of coffee in a ceramic cup. The coffee inside of the cup has chilled, so to increase the temperature, the person
Paper suitable for recycling is often used to produce
In a plant such as a cactus, water is held within
If a warmth is relocated from one thing to another, and one of the things is the producer of the heat, the source is the most likely to be
Which likely could replace the sun in our solar system?
Plate shifting likely directly created
the alps were formed by rock what?
An arid sandy place has very little
Which likely needs the least food?
if a body of water loses all water then that body of water is what?
If water gets _____, it may cause a chemical reaction
If a thing reacts in a situation, the most likely reason for the chemical reaction is
A plane travels through what?
A fixed wing aircraft can fly
When the weatherman says to expect a storm, he most-likely is telling you to watch for
Wildfire is when what catches fire?
Mammals can breathe thanks to
If a space that is lacking walls or a roof is continuously dampened from above, data may be collected to inform those living there about the results. The information would be
What will be more available in an area when rainfall increases?
Which relationship is true?
it's important to recycle metals because they are
reptiles lay what?
What type of aspect can be made from the moving winds?
All of the following but which would be considered renewable energy sources?
Feeling is when a living thing senses through what?
When a creature experiences feeling, they are likely
Which have a positive impact on the environment?
something in a cold place becomes what?
A glacier is made from
If a large inanimate thing is moving across arctic seas, it is likely
Disregarding nuclear holocausts, how many suns will be in the sunset?
Earthquakes can shake
An earthquake causes the ground to do what?
What does the earth orbit that causes the seasons to change?
Shelter is one of the basic human needs along with food, water, and
The more matter a planet is made up, the more likely other bodies are to
Reflectors are used to reflect light on
The BP disaster caused what to go into what?
A thing which moves very little over quite a lot of time is a
Vitamin D heals what?
This organ will help in providing nutrients to your body
A creature native to a place with vines and canopies, when compared to a creature native to a space with prickly plants and hot soil, will
Where do mushrooms thrive?
Which is taught?
A learned behavior is exhibited when
As altitude increases, the air temperature will do what?
You're more likely to shiver on a
Doing this in national parks and many other wooded areas is illegal because it harms the environment
If someone has a bag of old sandwich wrappers, they way that they can do damage to the area they live in is to
Which of these could contribute to a species' demise?
Which likely would win in a race?
Breath includes which of the following?
With extended feet, this creature may grab bass from overhead.
A plum tree's purple leaves uses light energy to
What would a sedimentary rock likely hold?
Some frogs may do what for their young
A frog would most likely eat
What would cause a flood?
When an animal gets any kind of illness, his physical health will
Illness has a negative impact on the health of what?
A thing that may assist a living being in prolonging life is
During a vigorous workout which will need to increase?
A wire can be caused to heat up when what kind of current flows through it?
It is very difficult for carrots to grow in
It is easiest for a rose to grow
Which sustains life yet stopped growing?
If a tree falls then it is what?
Which is an example of sound reaching the ear?
sound can be heard when it reaches what?
If someone is dying of thirst, they can hydrate by
An example of seed dispersal is animals eating what?
Cactus store their liquids in their
Which has molecules?
Items are all ultimately compromised of which?
If a liquid disappears then that liquid probably did what?
What best explains a muddy road becoming dry later?
Pit bulls thin their thicker coats by
Over your head is dark though it is only afternoon on a summer's day. Lacking an eclipse of the sun, a viable reason for this darkness is
What might you use for heat?
People use hand dryers after washing their hands in order to
when organisms die, they
Which is likeliest to decay?
What requires nutrients for survival?
If a living being will make it to adulthood, then the most important thing to it will be
What primarily drives the hydrologic cycle to produce clouds?
Animals are unable to grow or remain healthy without
What will reflect the most light
High temperatures can be caused when which is exposed to heat?
Animals cope with the differing temperatures in different ways. When its hot out, which animals pant?
deserts are known for having what type of climates?
When you press on the brakes in a car, because of friction,
if a place has experienced fog, what could be responsible?
Solar energy might be used for
Which would be considered exhaustible?
Which likely causes the most waste?
Sunrises in January are
There's more time to go for walks when
What lives in their habitat?
All living things do what?
A skunk produces a bad what?
Food is a source of energy for what?
food is a source of energy for what?
Heavy atmospheric movement is desirable if you have
Which of the following is likely to change an egg's shape and mass?
A bulldozer alters the area of
An organism that can survive without the help of other cells is
The nimbleness of this animal is a key adaption that allows it to escape attacks from predators:
Birds will have different kinds of beaks depending on the
Harriet wants to know the area of a rectangular sheet of paper. Its size is unknown to her. Which one of these will be the only tool that she needs?
